What Nursing Instructors Say About the Authors:
The Item Writing for Success workshop presented by Rinehart & Associates was a great 
experience. The presenters were informed, helpful, and worked well with the faculty. We are using the test construction hints provided in the workshop to restructure future exams.
Cathy Dearman Ph.D., MSN, RN 
Dean, School of Nursing, University of South Alabama
The test construction workshop Item Writing for Success presented by Rinehart & 
Associates was excellent. The faculty were very knowledgeable about their content area.
Rosemary Rhodes Ph.D., MSN, RN
University of South Alabama
I would enthusiastically recommend the Rinehart & Associates Item Writing for Success 
workshop to all nursing faculty. The expertise and commitment of the workshop faculty to reach both novice and experienced colleagues was very refreshing! We plan to include them in our faculty development plan every year.
Linda Whitenton, RN, MSN, CS
Nursing Program Director, Okaloosa-Walton Community College, Niceville, Florida
What Nursing Students Say About the Authors:
I passed my NCLEX®! I wanted to let you know I passed my NCLEX®, and I’m now an RN. 
I can’t thank you and Ms. Sloan enough for providing the content material I needed!
Thank You So Much,
Janice Kiefer
I just checked online for my results and I passed! Thank you so much for your help. After 
being out of school for eight years, I wasn’t sure I could do it. Thank you again; your class was wonderful. I feel really blessed to say I passed the NCLEX
®.
Cherri Wilson
Thank you both so much for the great review course; it was just what I needed. I know without it there’s no way I would have passed the first time. You guys helped me focus on the things that I really needed to focus on. I am highly recommending your course to everyone I know who is getting ready for boards!
Again, thank you both so much.
Lori Marchant, RN
Thank you so much for your expertise. I just received my NCLEX® results and I passed! 
I was afraid about them because my test only gave me 80 questions. I truly believe that 
taking your course secured my passing.
Jammie Corona, RN
I studied nothing but your material for two weeks until I felt prepared to take the NCLEX®.
I took it June 24, and just received my results today. I passed with 75 questions. I just wanted to say thank you so much for offering your class at Wallace State. Studying your material gave me the confidence I needed to pass. Thanks again!
Sincerely,
Rayena
I wanted to let you know that I took my boards on the 18th, and I found out yesterday that 
I passed. I really feel like your class helped me a lot, it was an excellent review, and I think that it made the difference.
Sincerely,
Tania SalinasNCLEX-RN®
Practice Questions
Fourth Edition
Wilda Rinehart
Diann Sloan
Clara Hurd
800 East 96th Street, Indianapolis, Indiana 46240 USANCLEX-RN®Practice Questions Exam Cram
Copyright ® 2013 by Pearson Education, Inc.
All rights reserved. No part of this book shall be reproduced, stored in a retrieval sys-
tem, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, orotherwise, without written permission from the publisher. No patent liability isassumed with respect to the use of the information contained herein. Although everyprecaution has been taken in the preparation of this book, the publisher and authorsassume no responsibility for errors or omissions. Nor is any liability assumed for dam-ages resulting from the use of the information contained herein.
ISBN-13: 978-0-7897-5107-2
ISBN-10: 0-7897-5107-0
Library of Congress Control Number:  2013937758Printed in the United States of America
Third Printing: March 2014
Trademarks
All terms mentioned in this book that are known to be trademarks or service marks
have been appropriately capitalized. Pearson cannot attest to the accuracy of this infor-mation. Use of a term in this book should not be regarded as affecting the validity ofany trademark or service mark.
NCLEX
®is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing,
Inc. (NCSBN), which does not sponsor or endorse this product.
Warning and Disclaimer
Every effort has been made to make this book as complete and as accurate as possi-
ble, but no warranty or fitness is implied. The information provided is on an “as is”basis. The author and the publisher shall have neither liability nor responsibility to anyperson or entity with respect to any loss or damages arising from the information con-tained in this book or from the use of the CD or programs accompanying it.
Bulk Sales
Pearson offers excellent discounts on this book when ordered in quantity for bulk pur-chases or special sales. For more information, please contact
U.S. Corporate and Government Sales
1-800-382-3419
corpsales@pearsontechgroup.com
For sales outside of the U.S., please contact
International Sales
international@pearsoned.comPublisher
Paul Boger
Associate Publisher
David Dusthimer
Acquisitions Editor
Betsy Brown
Senior Development
Editor
ChristopherCleveland
Managing Editor
Sandra Schroeder
Project Editor
Mandie Frank
Copy Editor
Sheri Cain
Proofreader
Sarah Kearns
Technical Editors
Crystal BerrySteve Picray
Publishing
Coordinator
Vanessa Evans
Multimedia
Developer
Dan Scherf
Designer
Alan Clements
Page Layout
Studio Galou, LLCContents at a Glance
Introduction 1
CHAPTER 1 Practice Exam 1 and Rationales 5
CHAPTER 2 Practice Exam 2 and Rationales 87
CHAPTER 3 Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 169
CHAPTER 4 Practice Exam 4 and Rationales 251
CHAPTER 5 Practice Exam 5 and Rationales 335
CHAPTER 6 Alternative Items: Questions and Rationales 419
APPENDIX A Need to Know More? 465
APPENDIX B Things You Forgot 475
APPENDIX C Alphabetical Listing of Nursing Boards in the United States 483
and ProtectoratesTable of Contents
Introduction ......................................................... 1
Welcome to the NCLEX-RN®Practice Questions Exam Cram .......1
T aking the Computerized Adaptive T est ...........................2
The Cost of the Exam .......................................... 2
How to Prepare for the Exam .................................... 3
What You Will Find in This Book ................................3
Hints for Using This Book ...................................... 4
Need Further Study? ........................................... 4
Contact the Author ............................................. 4
Chapter 1:
Practice Exam 1 and Rationales ........................................ 5
Quick Answers ................................................ 59
Answers and Rationales ........................................ 61
Chapter 2:Practice Exam 2 and Rationales ....................................... 87
Quick Answers .............................................. 141
Answers and Rationales ....................................... 143
Chapter 3:Practice Exam 3 and Rationales ...................................... 169
Quick Answers .............................................. 223
Answers and Rationales ....................................... 225
Chapter 4:Practice Exam 4 and Rationales ...................................... 251
Quick Answers .............................................. 306
Answers and Rationales ....................................... 308
Chapter 5:Practice Exam 5 and Rationales ...................................... 335
Quick Answers .............................................. 392
Answers and Rationales ....................................... 394vi NCLEX-RN®Practice Questions
Chapter 6:
Alternative Items: Questions and Rationales ............................419
Quick Answers .............................................. 450
Alternative Items Answers and Rationales .......................451
Appendix A:Need to Know More? ............................................... 465
Pharmacology .......................................... 465
Care of the Client with Respiratory Disorders ...............465
Care of the Client with Genitourinary Disorders ............466
Care of the Client with Hematological Disorders ............466
Fluid and Electrolytes and Acid/Base Balance ...............467
Care of the Client with Burns ............................. 467
Care of the Client with Sensory Disorders ..................468
Care of the Client with Neoplastic Disorders ...............468
Care of the Client with Gastrointestinal Disorders ...........469
Care of the Client with Musculoskeletal and Connective 
Tissue Disorder ....................................... 469
Care of the Client with Endocrine Disorders ................470
Care of the Client with Cardiac Disorders ..................470
Care of the Client with Neurological Disorders .............471
Care of the Client with Psychiatric Disorders ...............471
Maternal-Newborn Care .................................472
Care of the Pediatric Client .............................. 472
Cultural Practices Influencing Nursing Care ................472
Legal Issues in Nursing Practice .......................... 473
Appendix B:Things You Forgot .................................................. 475
Therapeutic Drug Levels ...................................... 475
Vital Signs .................................................. 475
Anticoagulant Therapy ....................................... 476
Intrapartal Normal Values .....................................476
Standard Precautions ......................................... 477
Airborne Precautions .................................... 478
Droplet Precautions .....................................478
Contact Precautions .....................................478Contents vii
Revised Life Support Guidelines (American Heart Association) .....478
Defense Mechanisms ......................................... 479
Nutrition Notes ............................................. 479
Immunization Schedule ....................................... 481
Appendix C:
Alphabetical Listing of Nursing Boards in the United States and Protectorates .................................................. 483About the Authors
Wilda Rinehart received an Associate Degree in Nursing from Northeast
Mississippi Community College in Booneville, Mississippi. After working as a
staff nurse and charge nurse, she became a public health nurse and served in thatcapacity for a number of years. In 1975, she received her nurse practitioner cer-tification in the area of obstetrics-gynecology from the University of MississippiMedical Center in Jackson, Mississippi. In 1979, she completed her Bachelor ofScience degree in Nursing from Mississippi University for Women. In 1980, shecompleted her Master of Science degree in Nursing from the same universityand accepted a faculty position at Northeast Mississippi Community College,where she taught medical-surgical nursing and maternal-newborn nursing. In1982, she founded Rinehart and Associates Nursing Consultants. For the past26 years, she and her associates have worked with nursing graduates and schoolsof nursing to assist graduates to pass the National Council Licensure Exam forNursing. She has also worked as a curriculum consultant with faculty to improvetest construction. Ms. Rinehart has served as a convention speaker throughoutthe southeastern United States and as a reviewer of medical-surgical and obstet-ric texts. She has co-authored materials used in seminars presented by Rinehartand Associates Nursing Review. As the president of Rinehart and Associates, sheserves as the coordinator of a company dedicated to improving the quality ofhealth through nursing education.
Dr. Diann Sloan received an Associate Degree in Nursing from Northeast
Mississippi Community College, a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing from
the University of Mississippi, and a Master of Science degree in Nursing fromMississippi University for Women. In addition to her nursing degrees, she holdsa Master of Science in Counseling Psychology from Georgia State Universityand a Doctor of Philosophy in Counselor Education, with minors in bothPsychology and Educational Psychology, from Mississippi State University. Shehas completed additional graduate studies in healthcare administration atWestern New England College and the University of Mississippi. Dr. Sloan hastaught pediatric nursing, psychiatric mental health nursing, and medical surgi-cal nursing in both associate degree and baccalaureate nursing programs. As amember of Rinehart and Associates Nursing Review, Dr. Sloan has conductedtest construction workshops for faculty and nursing review seminars for bothregistered and practical nurse graduates. She has co-authored materials used inthe item-writing workshops for nursing faculty and Rinehart and AssociatesNursing Review. She is a member of Sigma Theta T au nursing honor society.Clara Hurd received an Associate Degree in Nursing from Northeast Mississippi
Community College in Booneville, Mississippi (1975). Her experiences in nurs-
ing are clinically based, having served as a staff nurse in medical-surgical nurs-ing. She has worked as an oncology, intensive care, orthopedic, neurological,and pediatric nurse. She received her Bachelor of Science degree in Nursingfrom the University of North Alabama in Florence, Alabama, and her Master ofScience degree in Nursing from the Mississippi University for Women inColumbus, Mississippi. Ms. Hurd is a certified nurse educator. She currentlyserves as a nurse educator consultant and an independent contractor. Ms. Hurdhas taught in both associate degree and baccalaureate degree nursing programs.She was a faculty member of Mississippi University for Women; Austin PeayState University in Clarksville, T ennessee; T ennessee State University inNashville, T ennessee; and Northeast Mississippi Community College. Ms.Hurd joined Rinehart and Associates in 1993. She has worked with students inpreparing for the National Council Licensure Exam and with faculty as a con-sultant in writing test items. Ms. Hurd has also been a presenter at nursing con-ventions on various topics, including item-writing for nursing faculty. Her pri-mary professional goal is to prepare the student and graduate for excellence inthe delivery of healthcare.About the Authors ixDedication
We would like to thank our families for tolerating our late nights and long hours.
Also, thanks to Gene Sloan for his help without pay. Special thanks to all the gradu-
ates who have attended Rinehart and Associates Review Seminars. Thanks for allow-
ing us to be a part of your success.
We are also delighted that Jessica Rinehart Wentz, RN, Whitney Hurd Miller, RN,
and Brad Sloan, RN, chose nursing as their profession above so many other professions.Acknowledgments
Our special thanks to our editors, support staff, and nurse reviewers for helping
us to organize our thoughts and experiences into a text for students and practic-ing professionals. You made the task before us challenging and enjoyable.We Want to Hear from You!
As the reader of this book, you are our most important critic and commenta-
tor. We value your opinion and want to know what we're doing right, what wecould do better, what areas you'd like to see us publish in, and any other wordsof wisdom you're willing to pass our way.
We welcome your comments. You can email or write to let us know what you
did or didn't like about this book—as well as what we can do to make ourbooks better.
Please note that we cannot help you with technical problems related to the topic of this
book.
When you write, please be sure to include this book’s title and author as well
as your name and email address. We will carefully review your comments andshare them with the author and editors who worked on the book.
Email: feedback@pearsonitcertification.comMail: Pearson IT Certification
ATTN: Reader Feedback
800 East 96th StreetIndianapolis, IN 46240 USA
Reader Services
Visit our website and register this book at www.pearsonitcertification.com/reg-ister for convenient access to any updates, downloads, or errata that might beavailable for this book.Introduction
Welcome to the NCLEX-RN®Practice
Questions Exam Cram
This book helps you get ready to take and pass the Licensure Exam for
Registered Nurses. This portion of the book discusses the NCLEX-RN®exam
in general and how this Exam Cram can help you prepare for the test. It doesn’tmatter whether this is the first time you’re going to take the exam or whether youhave taken it previously; this book gives you the necessary information and tech-niques to obtain licensure.
The NCLEX-RN
®Practice Questions Exam Cram helps you practice taking ques-
tions that are written in the NCLEX®format. Used with the NCLEX-RN®Exam
Cram, it will help you understand and appreciate the subjects and materials you
need to pass. Both books are aimed at test preparation and review. They do notteach you everything you need to know about the subject of nursing. Instead, theypresent you with materials that you are likely to encounter on the exam. Using asimple approach, we help you understand the “need to know” information.
T o be able to pass the NCLEX
®, you must understand how the exam is devel-
oped. The NCLEX-RN®consists of questions from the cognitive levels of
knowledge, comprehension, application, and analysis. The majority of questions
are written at the application and analysis level. Questions incorporate the fivestages of the Nursing Process (assessment, diagnosis, planning, implementation,and evaluation) and the four categories of Client Needs. Client Needs are divid-ed into subcategories that define the content within each of the four major cat-egories. These categories and subcategories are
A.Safe effective care:Management of care: 17%–23%Safety and infection control: 7%–15%
B.Health promotion and maintenance: 6%–12%
C.Psychosocial integrity: 6%–12%
D.Physiological integrity:Basic care and comfort: 6%–12%Pharmacological and parenteral therapy: 12%–18%Reduction of risk: 9%–15%Physiological adaptation: 11%–17%2
NCLEX-RN®Practice Questions
Taking the Computerized 
Adaptive Test
Computer-adaptive testing, commonly known as CAT, offers the candidate 
several advantages. The graduate can schedule the exam at a time that is conven-ient for him or her. It’s also possible that you will not be tested on the entire 265-question range; if you answer the beginning questions correctly, the CATmight stop early in the session, with far fewer than the 265 questions you wereexpecting. The first questions will be difficult and should remain difficult. Whenthe exam engine has determined your ability level and is satisfied that you arequalified to be a registered nurse, it will stop. The disadvantage of a CAT is thatyou cannot go back and change answers. When you choose an answer and moveto the next question, that’s it—no second guessing like on a paper exam.
The Pearson Vue testing group is responsible for administering the exam. You
can locate a Pearson Vue center nearest you by visiting www.pearsonvue.com.Because you might not be familiar with the Pearson Vue testing centers, we recommend that you arrive at least 30 minutes early. If you are late, you will notbe allowed to take the test. Bring two forms of identification with you, one ofwhich must be a picture ID. Be sure that your form of identification matchesyour application. You will be photographed and fingerprinted upon entering thetesting site, so don’t let this increase your stress. The allotted time is six hours,and the candidate can receive results within approximately seven days (in somestates, even sooner). Remember, the exam is written at approximately the tenth-grade reading level, so keep a good dictionary handy during your studies.
The Cost of the Exam
A candidate wanting to write the licensure exam must fill out two applications:one to the National Council State Boards of Nursing and one to the state boardof nursing where he or she wants to be licensed. A separate fee must accompa-ny each application. One must be paid to the National Council and one to thestate where the candidate wishes to be licensed. State licensing fees vary.Licensure applications can be obtained at www.ncsbn.org. Several states aremembers of the multistate licensure compact. This means that if you are issueda multistate license, you pay only one fee to practice within the states in thecompact. This information also can be obtained by visiting the NationalCouncil’s website.Introduction3
How to Prepare for the Exam
Judicious use of this book and its sister books, the NCLEX-RN®Exam Cram and
NCLEX®RN Comprehensive Prep Book either alone or with a review seminar such
as that provided by Rinehart and Associates, will help you achieve your goal of
becoming a registered nurse. As you review for the NCLEX®exam, we suggest
that you find a location where you can concentrate on the material each day. Aminimum of two hours per day for at least two weeks is suggested. In theNCLEX-RN
®Exam Cram and NCLEX®RN Comprehensive Prep Book, we provide
you with exam alerts, tips, notes, and sample questions, both multiple choice andalternative items. Using these books allows you to practice taking hundreds ofquestions much like those on the actual licensure exam. We have also formulat-ed a “mock” exam with those difficult management and delegation questionsthat you can score to determine your readiness to test. Pay particular attentionto the helpful hints and the Cram Sheet. Using these will help you gain andretain knowledge, and will help reduce your stress as you prepare to test.
What You Will Find in This Book
As seems obvious from the title, this book is all about practice questions! Thereare five full exams in this book, totaling 1,250 questions. Each chapter is set upwith the questions and their possible answers first; the correct answers and ratio-nales appear at the end of each chapter. In the margins next to each question,you will see a quick key to finding the location of its answer and rationales.Here’s exactly what you will find in the chapters:
.Practice Questions multiple choice and alternative format —These are
the numerous questions that will help you learn, drill, and review.
.Quick Check Answers —When you finish answering the questions, you
can quickly grade your exam from this section. Only correct answers aregiven here; no rationales are offered yet. These appear in the Answersand Rationales section.
.Answers and Rationales—This section offers you the correct answers, aswell as further explanation about the content posed in that question. Usethis information to learn why an answer is correct and to reinforce thecontent in your mind for exam day.4
NCLEX-RN®Practice Questions
You will also find a Cram Sheet at the beginning of this book specifically writ-
ten for this exam. This is a popular element that is also found in NCLEX_RN®
Exam Cram (ISBN 0-7897-5105-4). This item condenses all the necessary facts
found in this exam into one easy-to-handle tearout card. The Cram Sheet issomething you can carry with you to the exam location and use as a last-minutestudy aide. However, be aware that you cannot take it or any other resource intothe room where the test is being given.
Hints for Using This Book
We suggest that you score your exam by subtracting the missed items from thetotal and then dividing the total answered correctly by the total number of ques-tions. This gives you the percentage answered correctly. We also suggest thatyou achieve a score of at least 77% before you schedule your exam.
If you do not score at least 77%, repeat the exam. The higher the score, the bet-
ter your chance to do well on the NCLEX
®exam!
You should also take advantage of the CD exam engine; it provides you with acomputer-adaptive test, or CAT, very similar to the one you will experience dur-ing the NCLEX
®exam. Every question in this book is on the CD, including the
answers and rationales.
Aside from being a test-preparation book, this book is useful if you are brushing
up on your nursing knowledge. It is an excellent quick reference for the licensednurse.
Need Further Study?
If you are having a hard time correctly answering questions, be sure to see thisbook’s sister books, the NCLEX
®RN Exam Cram (ISBN: 0-7897-5105-4) and the
NCLEX®RN Exam Prep (ISBN: 0-7897-5106-2). If you still need further study,
you might want to take an NCLEX®review seminar or look at one of the many
other books available at your local bookstore.
Contact the Author
The authors of this text are interested in you and want you to pass on your firstattempt. If, after reviewing with this text, you want to contact the authors, youmay do so at Rinehart and Associates, PO Box 124, Booneville, MS, 38829, orby visiting www.nclexreview.net.This page intentionally left blank 3 CHAPTER THREE
Practice Exam 3 and
Rationales
1.A 43-year-old African American male is admitted with sickle cell
anemia. The nurse plans to assess circulation in the lower extrem-ities every two hours. Which of the following outcome criteriawould the nurse use?
❍ A.Body temperature of 99°F or less
❍ B.Toes moved in active range of motion
❍ C.Sensation reported when soles of feet are touched
❍ D.Capillary refill of < 3 seconds
2.A 30-year-old male from Haiti is brought to the emergency depart-ment in sickle cell crisis. What is the best position for this client?
❍ A.Side-lying with knees flexed
❍ B.Knee-chest
❍ C.High Fowler’s with knees flexed
❍ D.Semi-Fowler’s with legs extended on the bed
3.A 25-year-old male is admitted in sickle cell crisis. Which of thefollowing interventions would be of highest priority for this client?
❍ A.Taking hourly blood pressures with mechanical cuff
❍ B.Encouraging fluid intake of at least 200mL per hour
❍ C.Position in high Fowler’s with knee gatch raised
❍ D.Administering Tylenol as ordered
4.Which of the following foods would the nurse encourage the clientin sickle cell crisis to eat?
❍ A.Steak
❍ B.Cottage cheese
❍ C.Popsicle
❍ D.Lima beansQuick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225✓Quick Check170 Chapter 3
5.A newly admitted client has sickle cell crisis. He is complaining of
pain in his feet and hands. The nurse’s assessment findingsinclude a pulse oximetry of 92. Assuming that all the followinginterventions are ordered, which should be done first?
❍ A.Adjust the room temperature
❍ B.Give a bolus of IV fluids
❍ C.Start O
2
❍ D.Administer meperidine (Demerol) 75mg IV push
6.The nurse is instructing a client with iron-deficiency anemia.Which of the following meal plans would the nurse expect theclient to select?
❍ A.Roast beef, gelatin salad, green beans, and peach pie
❍ B.Chicken salad sandwich, coleslaw, French fries, icecream
❍ C.Egg salad on wheat bread, carrot sticks, lettuce salad,raisin pie
❍ D.Pork chop, creamed potatoes, corn, and coconut cake
7.Clients with sickle cell anemia are taught to avoid activities thatcause hypoxia and hypoxemia. Which of the following activitieswould the nurse recommend?
❍ A.A family vacation in the Rocky Mountains
❍ B.Chaperoning the local boys club on a snow-skiing trip
❍ C.Traveling by airplane for business trips
❍ D.A bus trip to the Museum of Natural History
8.The nurse is conducting an admission assessment of a client withvitamin B12 deficiency. Which finding reinforces the diagnosis ofB12 deficiency?
❍ A.Enlarged spleen
❍ B.Elevated blood pressure
❍ C.Bradycardia
❍ D.Beefy tongue
9.The body part that would most likely display jaundice in the dark-skinned individual is the:
❍ A.Conjunctiva of the eye
❍ B.Soles of the feet
❍ C.Roof of the mouth
❍ D.Shins✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 225Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 171
10. The nurse is conducting a physical assessment on a client with
anemia. Which of the following clinical manifestations would bemost indicative of the anemia?
❍ A.BP 146/88
❍ B.Respirations 28 shallow
❍ C.Weight gain of 10 pounds in six months
❍ D.Pink complexion
11. The nurse is teaching the client with polycythemia vera about pre-vention of complications of the disease. Which of the followingstatements by the client indicates a need for further teaching?
❍ A.“I will drink 500mL of fluid or less each day.”
❍ B.“I will wear support hose.”
❍ C.“I will check my blood pressure regularly.”
❍ D.“I will report ankle edema.”
12. A 33-year-old male is being evaluated for possible acute leukemia.Which of the following findings is most likely related to the diag-nosis of leukemia?
❍ A.The client collects stamps as a hobby.
❍ B.The client recently lost his job as a postal worker.
❍ C.The client had radiation for treatment of Hodgkin’s dis-ease as a teenager.
❍ D.The client’s brother had leukemia as a child.
13. Where is the best site for examining for the presence of petechiaein an African American client?
❍ A.The abdomen
❍ B.The thorax
❍ C.The earlobes
❍ D.The soles of the feet
14. The client is being evaluated for possible acute leukemia. Whichinquiry by the nurse is most important?
❍ A.“Have you noticed a change in sleeping habits recently?”
❍ B.“Have you had a respiratory infection in the last sixmonths?”
❍ C.“Have you lost weight recently?”
❍ D.“Have you noticed changes in your alertness?”✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226172 Chapter 3
15. Which of the following would be the priority nursing diagnosis for
the adult client with acute leukemia?
❍ A.Oral mucous membrane, altered related to chemo-therapy
❍ B.Risk for injury related to thrombocytopenia
❍ C.Fatigue related to the disease process
❍ D.Interrupted family processes related to life-threateningillness of a family member
16. A 21-year-old male with Hodgkin’s lymphoma is a senior at thelocal university. He is engaged to be married and is to begin a newjob upon graduation. Which of the following diagnoses would be apriority for this client?
❍ A.Sexual dysfunction related to radiation therapy
❍ B.Anticipatory grieving related to terminal illness
❍ C.Tissue integrity related to prolonged bed rest
❍ D.Fatigue related to chemotherapy
17. A client has autoimmune thrombocytopenic purpura. To determinethe client’s response to treatment, the nurse would monitor:
❍ A.Platelet count
❍ B.White blood cell count
❍ C.Potassium levels
❍ D.Partial prothrombin time (PTT)
18. The home health nurse is visiting a client with autoimmune thrombo-cytopenic purpura (ATP). The client’s platelet count currently is80,000. It will be most important to teach the client and family about:
❍ A.Bleeding precautions
❍ B.Prevention of falls
❍ C.Oxygen therapy
❍ D.Conservation of energy
19. The client has surgery for removal of a Prolactinoma. Which ofthe following interventions would be appropriate for this client?
❍ A.Place the client in Trendelenburg position for posturaldrainage.
❍ B.Encourage coughing and deep breathing every twohours.
❍ C.Elevate the head of the bed 30°.
❍ D.Encourage the Valsalva maneuver for bowel movements.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 226Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 173
20. The client with a history of diabetes insipidus is admitted with
polyuria, polydipsia, and mental confusion. The priority interven-tion for this client is:
❍ A.Measure the urinary output.
❍ B.Check the vital signs.
❍ C.Encourage increased fluid intake.
❍ D.Weigh the client.
21. A client with hemophilia has a nosebleed. Which nursing action ismost appropriate to control the bleeding?
❍ A.Place the client in a sitting position.
❍ B.Administer acetaminophen (Tylenol).
❍ C.Pinch the soft lower part of the nose.
❍ D.Apply ice packs to the forehead.
22. A client has had a unilateral adrenalectomy to remove a tumor.The most important measurement in the immediate post-operativeperiod for the nurse to take is:
❍ A.The blood pressure
❍ B.The temperature
❍ C.The urinary output
❍ D.The specific gravity of the urine
23. A client with Addison’s disease has been admitted with a historyof nausea and vomiting for the past three days. The client isreceiving IV glucocorticoids (Solu-Medrol). Which of the followinginterventions would the nurse implement?
❍ A.Glucometer readings as ordered
❍ B.Intake/output measurements
❍ C.Evaluating the sodium and potassium levels
❍ D.Daily weights
24. A client had a total thyroidectomy yesterday. The client is com-plaining of tingling around the mouth and in the fingers and toes.What would the nurses’ next action be?
❍ A.Obtain a crash cart.
❍ B.Check the calcium level.
❍ C.Assess the dressing for drainage.
❍ D.Assess the blood pressure for hypertension.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227174 Chapter 3
25. A 32-year-old mother of three is brought to the clinic. Her pulse is
52, there is a weight gain of 30 pounds in four months, and theclient is wearing two sweaters. The client is diagnosed withhypothyroidism. Which of the following nursing diagnoses is ofhighest priority?
❍ A.Impaired physical mobility related to decreasedendurance
❍ B.Hypothermia r/t decreased metabolic rate
❍ C.Disturbed thought processes r/t interstitial edema
❍ D.Decreased cardiac output r/t bradycardia
26. The client presents to the clinic with a serum cholesterol of275mg/dL and is placed on rosuvastatin (Crestor). Which instruc-tion should be given to the client taking rosuvastatin (Crestor)?
❍ A.Report muscle weakness to the physician.
❍ B.Allow six months for the drug to take effect.
❍ C.Take the medication with fruit juice.
❍ D.Report difficulty sleeping.
27. The client is admitted to the hospital with hypertensive crises.Diazoxide (Hyperstat) is ordered. During administration, the nurseshould:
❍ A.Utilize an infusion pump.
❍ B.Check the blood glucose level.
❍ C.Place the client in Trendelenburg position.
❍ D.Cover the solution with foil.
28. The six-month-old client with a ventral septal defect is receivingDigitalis for regulation of his heart rate. Which finding should bereported to the doctor?
❍ A.Blood pressure of 126/80
❍ B.Blood glucose of 110mg/dL
❍ C.Heart rate of 60bpm
❍ D.Respiratory rate of 30 per minute
29. The client admitted with angina is given a prescription for nitro-glycerine. The client should be instructed to:
❍ A.Replenish his supply every three months.
❍ B.Take one every 15 minutes if pain occurs.
❍ C.Leave the medication in the brown bottle.
❍ D.Crush the medication and take with water.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 227
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 175
30. The client is instructed regarding foods that are low in fat and
cholesterol. Which diet selection is lowest in saturated fats?
❍ A.Macaroni and cheese
❍ B.Shrimp with rice
❍ C.Turkey breast
❍ D.Spaghetti with meat sauce
31. The client is admitted with left-sided congestive heart failure. Inassessing the client for edema, the nurse should check the:
❍ A.Feet
❍ B.Neck
❍ C.Hands
❍ D.Sacrum
32. The nurse is checking the client’s central venous pressure. Thenurse should place the zero of the manometer at the:
❍ A.Phlebostatic axis
❍ B.PMI
❍ C.Erb’s point
❍ D.Tail of Spence
33. The physician orders lisinopril (Zestril) and furosemide (Lasix) tobe administered concomitantly to the client with hypertension. Thenurse should:
❍ A.Question the order.
❍ B.Administer the medications.
❍ C.Administer separately.
❍ D.Contact the pharmacy.
34. The best method of evaluating the amount of peripheral edema is:
❍ A.Weighing the client daily
❍ B.Measuring the extremity
❍ C.Measuring the intake and output
❍ D.Checking for pitting✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228176 Chapter 3
35. A client with vaginal cancer is being treated with a radioactive
vaginal implant. The client’s husband asks the nurse if he canspend the night with his wife. The nurse should explain that:
❍ A.Overnight stays by family members is against hospitalpolicy.
❍ B.There is no need for him to stay because staffing isadequate.
❍ C.His wife will rest much better knowing that he is athome.
❍ D.Visitation is limited to 30 minutes when the implant isin place.
36. The nurse is caring for a client hospitalized with a facial stroke.Which diet selection would be suited to the client?
❍ A.Roast beef sandwich, potato chips, pickle spear, iced tea
❍ B.Split pea soup, mashed potatoes, pudding, milk
❍ C.Tomato soup, cheese toast, Jello, coffee
❍ D.Hamburger, baked beans, fruit cup, iced tea
37. The physician has prescribed Novalog insulin for a client with dia-betes mellitus. Which statement indicates that the client knowswhen the peak action of the insulin occurs?
❍ A.“I will make sure I eat breakfast within 10 minutes oftaking my insulin.”
❍ B.“I will need to carry candy or some form of sugar withme all the time.”
❍ C.“I will eat a snack around three o’clock each after-noon.”
❍ D.“I can save my dessert from supper for a bedtimesnack.”
38. The nurse is teaching basic infant care to a group of first-timeparents. The nurse should explain that a sponge bath is recom-mended for the first two weeks of life because:
❍ A.New parents need time to learn how to hold the baby.
❍ B.The umbilical cord needs time to separate.
❍ C.Newborn skin is easily traumatized by washing.
❍ D.The chance of chilling the baby outweighs the benefitsof bathing.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 228
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 177
39. A client with leukemia is receiving Trimetrexate. After reviewing
the client’s chart, the physician orders Wellcovorin (leucovorin cal-cium). The rationale for administering leucovorin calcium to aclient receiving Trimetrexate is to:
❍ A.Treat iron-deficiency anemia caused by chemothera-peutic agents
❍ B.Create a synergistic effect that shortens treatment time
❍ C.Increase the number of circulating neutrophils
❍ D.Reverse drug toxicity and prevent tissue damage
40. A four-month-old is brought to the well-baby clinic for immuniza-tion. In addition to the DPT and polio vaccines, the baby shouldreceive:
❍ A.Hib titer
❍ B.Mumps vaccine
❍ C.Hepatitis B vaccine
❍ D.MMR
41. The physician has prescribed Nexium (esomeprazole) for a clientwith erosive gastritis. The nurse should administer the medication:
❍ A.30 minutes before a meal
❍ B.With each meal
❍ C.In a single dose at bedtime
❍ D.30 minutes after meals
42. A client on the psychiatric unit is in an uncontrolled rage and isthreatening other clients and staff. What is the most appropriateaction for the nurse to take?
❍ A.Call security for assistance and prepare to sedate theclient.
❍ B.Tell the client to calm down and ask him if he wouldlike to play cards.
❍ C.Tell the client that if he continues his behavior he willbe punished.
❍ D.Leave the client alone until he calms down.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229178 Chapter 3
43. When the nurse checks the fundus of a client on the first postpar-
tum day, she notes that the fundus is firm, is at the level of theumbilicus, and is displaced to the right. The next action the nurseshould take is to:
❍ A.Check the client for bladder distention.
❍ B.Assess the blood pressure for hypotension.
❍ C.Determine whether an oxytocic drug was given.
❍ D.Check for the expulsion of small clots.
44. A client is admitted to the hospital with a temperature of 99.8°F,complaints of blood-tinged hemoptysis, fatigue, and night sweats.The client’s symptoms are consistent with a diagnosis of:
❍ A.Pneumonia
❍ B.Reaction to antiviral medication
❍ C.Tuberculosis
❍ D.Superinfection due to low CD4 count
45. The client is seen in the clinic for treatment of migraineheadaches. The drug Imitrex (sumatriptan succinate) is prescribedfor the client. Which of the following in the client’s history shouldbe reported to the doctor?
❍ A.Diabetes
❍ B.Prinzmetal’s angina
❍ C.Cancer
❍ D.Cluster headaches
46. The client with suspected meningitis is admitted to the unit. Thedoctor is performing an assessment to determine meningeal irrita-tion and spinal nerve root inflammation. A positive Kernig’s sign ischarted if the nurse notes:
❍ A.Pain on flexion of the hip and knee
❍ B.Nuchal rigidity on flexion of the neck
❍ C.Pain when the head is turned to the left side
❍ D.Dizziness when changing positions✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 179
47. The client with Alzheimer’s disease is being assisted with activities
of daily living when the nurse notes that the client uses her tooth-brush to brush her hair. The nurse is aware that the client isexhibiting:
❍ A.Agnosia
❍ B.Apraxia
❍ C.Anomia
❍ D.Aphasia
48. The client with dementia is experiencing confusion late in theafternoon and before bedtime. The nurse is aware that the client isexperiencing what is known as:
❍ A.Chronic fatigue syndrome
❍ B.Normal aging
❍ C.Sundowning
❍ D.Delusions
49. The client with confusion says to the nurse, “I haven’t had any-thing to eat all day long. When are they going to bring breakfast?”The nurse saw the client in the day room eating breakfast withother clients 30 minutes before this conversation. Which responsewould be best for the nurse to make?
❍ A.“You know you had breakfast 30 minutes ago.”
❍ B.“I am so sorry that they didn’t get you breakfast. I’llreport it to the charge nurse.”
❍ C.“I’ll get you some juice and toast. Would you likesomething else?”
❍ D.“You will have to wait a while; lunch will be here in alittle while.”
50. The doctor has prescribed Exelon (rivastigmine) for the client withAlzheimer’s disease. Which side effect is most often associatedwith this drug?
❍ A.Urinary incontinence
❍ B.Headaches
❍ C.Confusion
❍ D.Nausea✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 229
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230180 Chapter 3
51. A client is admitted to the labor and delivery unit in active labor.
During examination, the nurse notes a papular lesion on the per-ineum. Which initial action is most appropriate?
❍ A.Document the finding.
❍ B.Report the finding to the doctor.
❍ C.Prepare the client for a C-section.
❍ D.Continue primary care as prescribed.
52. A client with a diagnosis of HPV is at risk for which of the following?
❍ A.Hodgkin’s lymphoma
❍ B.Cervical cancer
❍ C.Multiple myeloma
❍ D.Ovarian cancer
53. During the initial interview, the client reports that she has a lesionon the perineum. Further investigation reveals a small blister onthe vulva that is painful to touch. The nurse is aware that the mostlikely source of the lesion is:
❍ A.Syphilis
❍ B.Herpes
❍ C.Gonorrhea
❍ D.Condylomata
54. A client visiting a family planning clinic is suspected of having anSTI. The best diagnostic test for treponema pallidum is:
❍ A.Venereal Disease Research Lab (VDRL)
❍ B.Rapid plasma reagin (RPR)
❍ C.Fluorescent treponemal antibody (FTA)
❍ D.Thayer-Martin culture (TMC)
55. A 15-year-old primigravida is admitted with a tentative diagnosisof HELLP syndrome. Which laboratory finding is associated withHELLP syndrome?
❍ A.Elevated blood glucose
❍ B.Elevated platelet count
❍ C.Elevated creatinine clearance
❍ D.Elevated hepatic enzymes✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 181
56. The nurse is assessing the deep tendon reflexes of a client with
preeclampsia. Which method is used to elicit the biceps reflex?
❍ A.The nurse places her thumb on the muscle inset in theantecubital space and taps the thumb briskly with thereflex hammer.
❍ B.The nurse loosely suspends the client’s arm in anopen hand while tapping the back of the client’s elbow.
❍ C.The nurse instructs the client to dangle her legs as thenurse strikes the area below the patella with the bluntside of the reflex hammer.
❍ D.The nurse instructs the client to place her arms loose-ly at her side as the nurse strikes the muscle insertjust above the wrist.
57. A primigravida with diabetes is admitted to the labor and deliveryunit at 34 weeks gestation. Which doctor’s order should the nursequestion?
❍ A.Magnesium sulfate 4gm (25%) IV
❍ B.Brethine 10mcg IV
❍ C.Stadol 1mg IV push every 4 hours as needed prn for pain
❍ D.Ancef 2gm IVPB every 6 hours
58. A diabetic multigravida is scheduled for an amniocentesis at 32weeks gestation to determine the L/S ratio and phosphatidyl glyc-erol level. The L/S ratio is 1:1 and the presence of phosphatidyl-glycerol is noted. The nurse’s assessment of this data is:
❍ A.The infant is at low risk for congenital anomalies.
❍ B.The infant is at high risk for intrauterine growth retar-dation.
❍ C.The infant is at high risk for respiratory distress syn-drome.
❍ D.The infant is at high risk for birth trauma.
59. Which observation in the newborn of a diabetic mother wouldrequire immediate nursing intervention?
❍ A.Crying
❍ B.Wakefulness
❍ C.Jitteriness
❍ D.Yawning✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 230
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231182 Chapter 3
60. The nurse caring for a client receiving intravenous magnesium
sulfate must closely observe for side effects associated with drugtherapy. An expected side effect of magnesium sulfate is:
❍ A.Decreased urinary output
❍ B.Hypersomnolence
❍ C.Absence of knee jerk reflex
❍ D.Decreased respiratory rate
61. The client has elected to have epidural anesthesia to relieve laborpain. If the client experiences hypotension, the nurse would:
❍ A.Place her in Trendelenburg position.
❍ B.Decrease the rate of IV infusion.
❍ C.Administer oxygen per nasal cannula.
❍ D.Increase the rate of the IV infusion.
62. A client has cancer of the pancreas. The nurse should be mostconcerned about which nursing diagnosis?
❍ A.Alteration in nutrition
❍ B.Alteration in bowel elimination
❍ C.Alteration in skin integrity
❍ D.Ineffective individual coping
63. The nurse is caring for a client with uremic frost. The nurse isaware that uremic frost is often seen in clients with:
❍ A.Severe anemia
❍ B.Arteriosclerosis
❍ C.Liver failure
❍ D.Parathyroid disorder
64. The client arrives in the emergency department after a motor vehi-cle accident. Nursing assessment findings include BP 80/34, pulserate 120, and respirations 20. Which is the client’s most appropri-ate priority nursing diagnosis?
❍ A.Alteration in cerebral tissue perfusion
❍ B.Fluid volume deficit
❍ C.Ineffective airway clearance
❍ D.Alteration in sensory perception✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 183
65. The home health nurse is visiting an 18-year-old with osteogene-
sis imperfecta. Which information obtained on the visit wouldcause the most concern? The client:
❍ A.Likes to play football
❍ B.Drinks carbonated drinks
❍ C.Has two sisters
❍ D.Is taking acetaminophen for pain
66. The nurse working the organ transplant unit is caring for a clientwith a white blood cell count of 450. During evening visitation, avisitor brings a basket of fruit. What action should the nurse take?
❍ A.Allow the client to keep the fruit.
❍ B.Place the fruit next to the bed for easy access by theclient.
❍ C.Offer to wash the fruit for the client.
❍ D.Ask the family members to take the fruit home.
67. The nurse is caring for the client following a laryngectomy whensuddenly the client becomes nonresponsive and pale, with a BP of90/40. The initial nurse’s action should be to:
❍ A.Place the client in Trendelenburg position.
❍ B.Increase the infusion of normal saline.
❍ C.Administer atropine intravenously.
❍ D.Move the emergency cart to the bedside.
68. The client admitted two days earlier with a lung resection acciden-tally pulls out the chest tube. Which action by the nurse indicatesunderstanding of the management of chest tubes?
❍ A.Order a chest x-ray.
❍ B.Reinsert the tube.
❍ C.Cover the insertion site with a Vaseline gauze.
❍ D.Call the doctor.
69. A client being treated with sodium warfarin (Coumadin) has aProtime of 120 seconds. Which intervention would be mostimportant to include in the nursing care plan?
❍ A.Assess for signs of abnormal bleeding.
❍ B.Anticipate an increase in the Coumadin dosage.
❍ C.Instruct the client regarding the drug therapy.
❍ D.Increase the frequency of neurological assessments.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 231184 Chapter 3
70. Which selection would provide the most calcium for the client
who is four months pregnant?
❍ A.A granola bar
❍ B.A bran muffin
❍ C.A cup of yogurt
❍ D.A glass of fruit juice
71. The client with preeclampsia is admitted to the unit with an orderfor magnesium sulfate. Which action by the nurse indicates theunderstanding of magnesium toxicity?
❍ A.The nurse performs a vaginal exam every 30 minutes.
❍ B.The nurse places a padded tongue blade at the bed-side.
❍ C.The nurse inserts a Foley catheter.
❍ D.The nurse darkens the room.
72. The best size cathlon for administration of a blood transfusion to asix-year-old is:
❍ A.18 gauge
❍ B.19 gauge
❍ C.22 gauge
❍ D.20 gauge
73. A client is admitted to the unit two hours after an explosion caus-es burns to the face. The nurse would be most concerned with theclient developing which of the following?
❍ A.Hypovolemia
❍ B.Laryngeal edema
❍ C.Hypernatremia
❍ D.Hyperkalemia
74. The client has recently been diagnosed with diabetes. Which of thefollowing indicates understanding of the management of diabetes?
❍ A.The client selects a balanced diet from the menu.
❍ B.The client can tell the nurse the normal blood glucoselevel.
❍ C.The client asks for brochures on the subject of dia-betes.
❍ D.The client demonstrates correct insulin injection tech-nique.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 185
75. The client is admitted following cast application for a fractured
ulna. Which finding should be reported to the doctor?
❍ A.Pain at the site
❍ B.Warm fingers
❍ C.Pulses rapid
❍ D.Paresthesia of the fingers
76. The client with AIDS should be taught to:
❍ A.Avoid warm climates.
❍ B.Refrain from taking herbals.
❍ C.Avoid exercising.
❍ D.Report any changes in skin color.
77. Which action by the healthcare worker indicates a need for furtherteaching?
❍ A.The nursing assistant ambulates the elderly clientusing a gait belt.
❍ B.The nurse wears goggles while performing a veno-puncture.
❍ C.The nurse washes his hands after changing a dressing.
❍ D.The nurse wears gloves to monitor the IV infusionrate.
78. The client is having electroconvulsive therapy for treatment ofsevere depression. Prior to the ECT, the nurse should:
❍ A.Apply a tourniquet to the client’s arm.
❍ B.Administer an anticonvulsant medication.
❍ C.Ask the client if he is allergic to shellfish.
❍ D.Apply a blood pressure cuff to the arm.
79. The five-year-old is being tested for enterobiasis (pinworms).Which symptom is associated with enterobiasis?
❍ A.Rectal itching
❍ B.Nausea
❍ C.Oral ulcerations
❍ D.Scalp itching✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232186 Chapter 3
80. The nurse is teaching the mother regarding treatment for
pedicalosis capitis. Which instruction should be given regardingthe medication?
❍ A.Treatment is not recommended for children less than10 years of age.
❍ B.Bed linens should be washed in hot water.
❍ C.Medication therapy will continue for one year.
❍ D.Intravenous antibiotic therapy will be ordered.
81. The registered nurse is making assignments for the day. Whichclient should be assigned to the pregnant nurse?
❍ A.The client with HIV
❍ B.The client with a radium implant for cervical cancer
❍ C.The client with RSV (respiratory synctial virus)
❍ D.The client with cytomegalovirus
82. The nurse is planning room assignments for the day. Which clientshould be assigned to a private room if only one is available?
❍ A.The client with methicillin resistant-staphylococcusaureas (MRSA)
❍ B.The client with diabetes
❍ C.The client with pancreatitis
❍ D.The client with Addison’s disease
83. The doctor accidentally cuts the bowel during surgery. As a resultof this action, the client develops an infection and suffers braindamage. The doctor can be charged with:
❍ A.Negligence
❍ B.Tort
❍ C.Assault
❍ D.Malpractice
84. Which assignment should not be performed by the nursing assis-tant?
❍ A.Feeding the client
❍ B.Bathing the client
❍ C.Obtaining a stool
❍ D.Administering a fleet enema✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 232
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 187
85. The mother calls the clinic to report that her newborn has a rash
on his forehead and face. Which action is most appropriate?
❍ A.Tell the mother to wash the face with soap and applypowder.
❍ B.Tell her that 30% of newborns have a rash that will goaway by one month of life.
❍ C.Report the rash to the doctor immediately.
❍ D.Ask the mother if anyone else in the family has had arash in the last six months.
86. Which nurse should not be assigned to care for the client with aradium implant for vaginal cancer?
❍ A.The LPN who is six months postpartum
❍ B.The RN who is pregnant
❍ C.The RN who is allergic to iodine
❍ D.The RN with a three-year-old at home
87. Which information should be reported to the state Board ofNursing?
❍ A.The facility fails to provide literature in both Spanishand English.
❍ B.The narcotic count has been incorrect on the unit forthe past three days.
❍ C.The client fails to receive an itemized account of hisbills and services received during his hospital stay.
❍ D.The nursing assistant assigned to the client with hepa-titis fails to feed the client and give the bath.
88. The nurse is suspected of charting medication administration thathe did not give. After talking to the nurse, the charge nurseshould:
❍ A.Call the Board of Nursing.
❍ B.File a formal reprimand.
❍ C.Terminate the nurse.
❍ D.Charge the nurse with a tort.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233188 Chapter 3
89. The home health nurse is planning for the day’s visits. Which
client should be seen first?
❍ A.The 78-year-old who had a gastrectomy three weeksago and has a PEG tube
❍ B.The five-month-old discharged one week ago withpneumonia who is being treated with amoxicillin liquidsuspension
❍ C.The 50-year-old with MRSA being treated withVancomycin via a PICC line
❍ D.The 30-year-old with an exacerbation of multiple scle-rosis being treated with cortisone via a centrallyplaced venous catheter
90. The emergency room is flooded with clients injured in a tornado.Which clients can be assigned to share a room in the emergencydepartment during the disaster?
❍ A.A client having auditory hallucinations and the clientwith ulcerative colitis
❍ B.The client who is pregnant and the client with a broken arm
❍ C.A child who is cyanotic with severe dypsnea and aclient with a frontal head injury
❍ D.The client who arrives with a large puncture wound tothe abdomen and the client with chest pain
91. Before administering eardrops to a toddler, the nurse should rec-ognize that it is essential to consider which of the following?
❍ A.The age of the child
❍ B.The child’s weight
❍ C.The developmental level of the child
❍ D.The IQ of the child
92. The nurse is discussing meal planning with the mother of a two-year-old. Which of the following statements, if made by the moth-er, would require a need for further instruction?
❍ A.“It is okay to give my child white grape juice for break-fast.”
❍ B.“My child can have a grilled cheese sandwich forlunch.”
❍ C.“We are going on a camping trip this weekend, and Ihave bought hot dogs to grill for his lunch.”
❍ D.“For a snack, my child can have ice cream.”✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 189
93. A client with AIDS has a viral load of 200 copies per ml. The nurse
should interpret this finding as:
❍ A.The client is at risk for opportunistic diseases.
❍ B.The client is no longer communicable.
❍ C.The client’s viral load is extremely low so he is rela-tively free of circulating virus.
❍ D.The client’s T-cell count is extremely low.
94. The client has an order for sliding scale insulin at 1900 hours andLantus insulin at the same hour. The nurse should:
❍ A.Administer the two medications together.
❍ B.Administer the medications in two injections.
❍ C.Draw up the Lantus insulin and then the regularinsulin and administer them together.
❍ D.Contact the doctor because these medications shouldnot be given to the same client.
95. A priority nursing diagnosis for a child being admitted from sur-gery following a tonsillectomy is:
❍ A.Altered nutrition
❍ B.Impaired communication
❍ C.Risk for injury/aspiration
❍ D.Altered urinary elimination
96. What would the nurse expect the admitting assessment to revealin a client with glomerulonephritis?
❍ A.Hypertension
❍ B.Lassitude
❍ C.Fatigue
❍ D.Vomiting and diarrhea
97. Which action is contraindicated in the client with epiglottis?
❍ A.Ambulation
❍ B.Oral airway assessment using a tongue blade
❍ C.Placing a blood pressure cuff on the arm
❍ D.Checking the deep tendon reflexes.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 233
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234190 Chapter 3
98. A 25-year-old client with a goiter is admitted to the unit. What
would the nurse expect the admitting assessment to reveal?
❍ A.Slow pulse
❍ B.Anorexia
❍ C.Bulging eyes
❍ D.Weight gain
99. Which of the following foods, if selected by the mother with achild with celiac, would indicate her understanding of the dietaryinstructions?
❍ A.Whole-wheat toast
❍ B.Angel hair pasta
❍ C.Reuben on rye
❍ D.Rice cereal
100. The first action that the nurse should take if she finds the clienthas an O
2saturation of 68% is:
❍ A.Elevate the head.
❍ B.Recheck the O2saturation in 30 minutes.
❍ C.Apply oxygen by mask.
❍ D.Assess the heart rate.
101. Which observation would the nurse expect to make after anamniotomy?
❍ A.Dark yellow amniotic fluid
❍ B.Clear amniotic fluid
❍ C.Greenish amniotic fluid
❍ D.Red amniotic fluid
102. The client taking Glyburide (Diabeta) should be cautioned to:
❍ A.Avoid eating sweets.
❍ B.Report changes in urinary pattern.
❍ C.Allow three hours for onset.
❍ D.Check the glucose daily.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 191
103. The obstetric client’s fetal heart rate is 80–90 during the contrac-
tions. The first action the nurse should take is:
❍ A.Reposition the monitor.
❍ B.Turn the client to her left side.
❍ C.Ask the client to ambulate.
❍ D.Prepare the client for delivery.
104. Arterial ulcers are best described as ulcers that:
❍ A.Are smooth in texture
❍ B.Have irregular borders
❍ C.Are cool to touch
❍ D.Are painful to touch
105. A vaginal exam reveals a footling breech presentation. The nurseshould take which of the following actions at this time?
❍ A.Anticipate the need for a Caesarean section.
❍ B.Apply an internal fetal monitor.
❍ C.Place the client in Genu Pectoral position.
❍ D.Perform an ultrasound.
106. A vaginal exam reveals that the cervix is 4cm dilated, with intactmembranes and a fetal heart tone rate of 160–170bpm. The nursedecides to apply an external fetal monitor. The rationale for thisimplementation is:
❍ A.The cervix is closed.
❍ B.The membranes are still intact.
❍ C.The fetal heart tones are within normal limits.
❍ D.The contractions are intense enough for insertion ofan internal monitor.
107. The following are all nursing diagnoses appropriate for a gravida 1para 0 in labor. Which one would be most appropriate for theprimagravida as she completes the early phase of labor?
❍ A.Impaired gas exchange related to hyperventilation
❍ B.Alteration in placental perfusion related to maternalposition
❍ C.Impaired physical mobility related to fetal-monitoringequipment
❍ D.Potential fluid volume deficit related to decreased fluidintake✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 234
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235192 Chapter 3
108. As the client reaches 6cm dilation, the nurse notes late decelera-
tions on the fetal monitor. What is the most likely explanation ofthis pattern?
❍ A.The baby is sleeping.
❍ B.The umbilical cord is compressed.
❍ C.There is head compression.
❍ D.There is uteroplacental insufficiency.
109. The nurse notes variable decelerations on the fetal monitor strip.The most appropriate initial action would be to:
❍ A.Notify her doctor.
❍ B.Start an IV.
❍ C.Reposition the client.
❍ D.Readjust the monitor.
110. Which of the following is a characteristic of an ominous periodicchange in the fetal heart rate?
❍ A.A fetal heart rate of 120–130bpm
❍ B.A baseline variability of 6–10bpm
❍ C.Accelerations in FHR with fetal movement
❍ D.A recurrent rate of 90–100bpm at the end of the con-tractions
111. The rationale for inserting a French catheter every hour for theclient with epidural anesthesia is:
❍ A.The bladder fills more rapidly because of the medica-tion used for the epidural.
❍ B.Her level of consciousness is such that she is in atrancelike state.
❍ C.The sensation of the bladder filling is diminished orlost.
❍ D.She is embarrassed to ask for the bedpan that fre-quently.
112. A client in the family planning clinic asks the nurse about the mostlikely time for her to conceive. The nurse explains that conceptionis most likely to occur when:
❍ A.Estrogen levels are low
❍ B.Lutenizing hormone is high
❍ C.The endometrial lining is thin
❍ D.The progesterone level is low✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 193
113. A client tells the nurse that she plans to use the rhythm method of
birth control. The nurse is aware that the success of the rhythmmethod depends on the:
❍ A.Age of the client
❍ B.Frequency of intercourse
❍ C.Regularity of the menses
❍ D.Range of the client’s temperature
114. A client with diabetes asks the nurse for advice regarding methodsof birth control. Which method of birth control is most suitable forthe client with diabetes?
❍ A.Intrauterine device
❍ B.Oral contraceptives
❍ C.Diaphragm
❍ D.Contraceptive sponge
115. The doctor suspects that the client has an ectopic pregnancy.Which symptom is consistent with a diagnosis of a rupturedectopic pregnancy?
❍ A.Painless vaginal bleeding
❍ B.Abdominal cramping
❍ C.Throbbing pain in the upper quadrant
❍ D.Sudden, stabbing pain in the lower quadrant
116. The nurse is teaching a pregnant client about nutritional needsduring pregnancy. Which menu selection will best meet the nutri-tional needs of the pregnant client?
❍ A.Hamburger patty, green beans, French fries, and iced tea
❍ B.Roast beef sandwich, potato chips, baked beans, and cola
❍ C.Baked chicken, fruit cup, potato salad, coleslaw,yogurt, and iced tea
❍ D.Fish sandwich, gelatin with fruit, and coffee
117. The client with hyperemesis gravidarum is at risk for developing:
❍ A.Respiratory alkalosis without dehydration
❍ B.Metabolic acidosis with dehydration
❍ C.Respiratory acidosis without dehydration
❍ D.Metabolic alkalosis with dehydration✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 235
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 236
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 236194 Chapter 3
118. A client tells the doctor that she is about 20 weeks pregnant. The
most definitive sign of pregnancy is:
❍ A.Elevated human chorionic gonadatropin
❍ B.The presence of fetal heart tones
❍ C.Uterine enlargement
❍ D.Breast enlargement and tenderness
119. The nurse is caring for a neonate whose mother is diabetic. Thenurse will expect the neonate to be:
❍ A.Hypoglycemic, small for gestational age
❍ B.Hyperglycemic, large for gestational age
❍ C.Hypoglycemic, large for gestational age
❍ D.Hyperglycemic, small for gestational age
120. Which of the following instructions should be included in thenurse’s teaching regarding oral contraceptives?
❍ A.Weight gain should be reported to the physician.
❍ B.An alternate method of birth control is needed whentaking antibiotics.
❍ C.If the client misses one or more pills, two pills shouldbe taken per day for one week.
❍ D.Changes in the menstrual flow should be reported tothe physician.
121. The nurse is discussing breastfeeding with a postpartum client.Breastfeeding is contraindicated in the postpartum client with:
❍ A.Diabetes
❍ B.HIV
❍ C.Hypertension
❍ D.Thyroid disease
122. A client is admitted to the labor and delivery unit complaining ofvaginal bleeding with very little discomfort. The nurse’s first actionshould be to:
❍ A.Assess the fetal heart tones.
❍ B.Check for cervical dilation.
❍ C.Check for firmness of the uterus.
❍ D.Obtain a detailed history.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 236
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 236
Quick Answer: 223
Detailed Answer: 236
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 236
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 236Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 195
123. A client telephones the emergency room stating that she thinks
that she is in labor. The nurse should tell the client that labor hasprobably begun when:
❍ A.Her contractions are two minutes apart.
❍ B.She has back pain and a bloody discharge.
❍ C.She experiences abdominal pain and frequent urina-tion.
❍ D.Her contractions are five minutes apart.
124. The nurse is teaching a group of prenatal clients about the effects ofcigarette smoke on fetal development. Which characteristic is asso-ciated with babies born to mothers who smoked during pregnancy?
❍ A.Low birth weight
❍ B.Large for gestational age
❍ C.Preterm birth, but appropriate size for gestation
❍ D.Growth retardation in weight and length
125. The physician has ordered an injection of RhoGam for the post-partum client whose blood type is A negative but whose baby is Opositive. To provide postpartum prophylaxis, RhoGam should beadministered:
❍ A.Within 72 hours of delivery
❍ B.Within one week of delivery
❍ C.Within two weeks of delivery
❍ D.Within one month of delivery
126. After the physician performs an amniotomy, the nurse’s firstaction should be to assess the:
❍ A.Degree of cervical dilation
❍ B.Fetal heart tones
❍ C.Client’s vital signs
❍ D.Client’s level of discomfort
127. A client is admitted to the labor and delivery unit. The nurse per-forms a vaginal exam and determines that the client’s cervix is5cm dilated with 75% effacement. Based on the nurse’s assess-ment, the client is in which phase of labor?
❍ A.Active
❍ B.Latent
❍ C.Transition
❍ D.Early✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 236
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237196 Chapter 3
128. A newborn with narcotic abstinence syndrome is admitted to the
nursery. Nursing care of the newborn should include:
❍ A.Teaching the mother to provide tactile stimulation
❍ B.Wrapping the newborn snugly in a blanket
❍ C.Placing the newborn in the infant seat
❍ D.Initiating an early infant-stimulation program
129. A client elects to have epidural anesthesia to relieve the discom-fort of labor. Following the initiation of epidural anesthesia, thenurse should give priority to:
❍ A.Checking for cervical dilation
❍ B.Placing the client in a supine position
❍ C.Checking the client’s blood pressure
❍ D.Obtaining a fetal heart rate
130. The nurse is aware that the best way to prevent post-operativewound infection in the surgical client is to:
❍ A.Administer a prescribed antibiotic.
❍ B.Wash her hands for two minutes before care.
❍ C.Wear a mask when providing care.
❍ D.Ask the client to cover her mouth when she coughs.
131. The elderly client is admitted to the emergency room. Whichsymptom is the client with a fractured hip most likely to exhibit?
❍ A.Pain
❍ B.Disalignment
❍ C.Cool extremity
❍ D.Absence of pedal pulses
132. The nurse knows that a 60-year-old female client’s susceptibility toosteoporosis is most likely related to:
❍ A.Lack of exercise
❍ B.Hormonal disturbances
❍ C.Lack of calcium
❍ D.Genetic predisposition✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 237Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 197
133. A two-year-old is admitted for repair of a fractured femur and is
placed in Bryant’s traction. Which finding by the nurse indicatesthat the traction is working properly?
❍ A.The infant no longer complains of pain.
❍ B.The buttocks are 15° off the bed.
❍ C.The legs are suspended in the traction.
❍ D.The pins are secured within the pulley.
134. Which statement is true regarding balanced skeletal traction?Balanced skeletal traction:
❍ A.Uses a Steinman pin
❍ B.Requires that both legs be secured
❍ C.Utilizes Kirschner wires
❍ D.Is used primarily to heal the fractured hips
135. The client is admitted for an open reduction internal fixation of afractured hip. Immediately following surgery, the nurse shouldgive priority to assessing the:
❍ A.Serum collection (Davol) drain
❍ B.Client’s pain
❍ C.Nutritional status
❍ D.Immobilizer
136. Which statement made by the family member caring for the clientwith a percutaneous gastrostomy tube indicates understanding ofthe nurse’s teaching?
❍ A.“I must flush the tube with water after feedings andclamp the tube.”
❍ B.“I must check placement four times per day.”
❍ C.“I will report to the doctor any signs of indigestion.”
❍ D.“If my father is unable to swallow, I will discontinuethe feeding and call the clinic.”
137. The nurse is assessing the client with a total knee replacementtwo hours post-operative. Which information requires notificationof the doctor?
❍ A.Scant bleeding on the dressing
❍ B.Low-grade temperature
❍ C.Hemoglobin of 7gm
❍ D.The urinary output has been 120ml during the last hour✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238198 Chapter 3
138. The nurse is caring for the client with a five-year-old diagnosis of
plumbism. Which information in the health history is most likelyrelated to the development of plumbism?
❍ A.The client has traveled out of the country in the lastsix months.
❍ B.The client’s parents are skilled stained-glass artists.
❍ C.The client lives in a house built in 1990.
❍ D.The client has several brothers and sisters.
139. A client with a total hip replacement requires special equipment.Which equipment would assist the client with a total hip replace-ment with activities of daily living?
❍ A.High-seat commode
❍ B.Recliner
❍ C.TENS unit
❍ D.Abduction pillow
140. An elderly client with an abdominal surgery is admitted to the unitfollowing surgery. In anticipation of complications of anesthesiaand narcotic administration, the nurse should:
❍ A.Administer oxygen via nasal cannula.
❍ B.Have narcan (naloxane) available.
❍ C.Prepare to administer blood products.
❍ D.Prepare to do cardioresuscitation.
141. Which roommate would be most suitable for the six-year-old malewith a fractured femur in Russell’s traction?
❍ A.16-year-old female with scoliosis
❍ B.12-year-old male with a fractured femur
❍ C.10-year-old male with sarcoma
❍ D.6-year-old male with osteomylitis
142. A client with osteoarthritis has a prescription for Celebrex (cele-coxib). Which instruction should be included in the dischargeteaching?
❍ A.Take the medication with milk.
❍ B.Report chest pain.
❍ C.Remain upright after taking for 30 minutes.
❍ D.Allow six weeks for optimal effects.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 238
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 199
143. A client with a fractured tibia has a plaster-of-Paris cast applied to
immobilize the fracture. Which action by the nurse indicatesunderstanding of a plaster-of-Paris cast? The nurse:
❍ A.Handles the cast with the fingertips
❍ B.Petals the cast
❍ C.Dries the cast with a hair dryer
❍ D.Allows 24 hours before bearing weight
144. The teenager with a fiberglass cast asks the nurse if it will be okayto allow his friends to autograph his cast. Which response wouldbe best?
❍ A.“It will be alright for your friends to autograph thecast.”
❍ B.“Because the cast is made of plaster, autographing canweaken the cast.”
❍ C.“If they don’t use chalk to autograph, it is okay.”
❍ D.“Autographing or writing on the cast in any form willharm the cast.”
145. The nurse is assigned to care for the client with a Steinman pin.During pin care, she notes that the LPN uses sterile gloves and Q-tips to clean the pin. Which action should the nurse take at thistime?
❍ A.Assisting the LPN with opening sterile packages andperoxide
❍ B.Telling the LPN that clean gloves are allowed
❍ C.Telling the LPN that the registered nurse should per-form pin care
❍ D.Asking the LPN to clean the weights and pulleys withperoxide
146. A child with scoliosis has a spica cast applied. Which action spe-cific to the spica cast should be taken?
❍ A.Check the bowel sounds.
❍ B.Assess the blood pressure.
❍ C.Offer pain medication.
❍ D.Check for swelling.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239200 Chapter 3
147. The client with a cervical fracture is placed in traction. Which type
of traction will be utilized at the time of discharge?
❍ A.Russell’s traction
❍ B.Buck’s traction
❍ C.Halo traction
❍ D.Crutchfield tong traction
148. A client with a total knee replacement has a CPM (continuous pas-sive motion device) applied during the post-operative period.Which statement made by the nurse indicates understanding ofthe CPM machine?
❍ A.“Use of the CPM will permit the client to ambulateduring the therapy.”
❍ B.“The CPM machine controls should be positioned dis-tal to the site.”
❍ C.“If the client complains of pain during the therapy, Iwill turn off the machine and call the doctor.”
❍ D.“Use of the CPM machine will alleviate the need forphysical therapy after the client is discharged.”
149. A client with a fractured hip is being taught correct use of thewalker. The nurse is aware that the correct use of the walker isachieved if the:
❍ A.Palms rest lightly on the handles
❍ B.Elbows are flexed 0°
❍ C.Client walks to the front of the walker
❍ D.Client carries the walker
150. When assessing a laboring client, the nurse finds a prolapsedcord. The nurse should:
❍ A.Attempt to replace the cord.
❍ B.Place the client on her left side.
❍ C.Elevate the client’s hips.
❍ D.Cover the cord with a dry, sterile gauze.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 239
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 201
151. The nurse is caring for a 30-year-old male admitted with a stab
wound. While in the emergency room, a chest tube is inserted.Which of the following explains the primary rationale for insertionof chest tubes?
❍ A.The tube will allow for equalization of the lung expan-sion.
❍ B.Chest tubes serve as a method of draining blood andserous fluid and assist in reinflating the lungs.
❍ C.Chest tubes relieve pain associated with a collapsedlung.
❍ D.Chest tubes assist with cardiac function by stabilizinglung expansion.
152. A client who delivered this morning tells the nurse that she plansto breastfeed her baby. The nurse is aware that successful breast-feeding is most dependent on the:
❍ A.Mother’s educational level
❍ B.Infant’s birth weight
❍ C.Size of the mother’s breast
❍ D.Mother’s desire to breastfeed
153. The nurse is monitoring the progress of a client in labor. Whichfinding should be reported to the physician immediately?
❍ A.The presence of scant bloody discharge
❍ B.Frequent urination
❍ C.The presence of green-tinged amniotic fluid
❍ D.Moderate uterine contractions
154. The nurse is measuring the duration of the client’s contractions.Which statement is true regarding the measurement of the dura-tion of contractions?
❍ A.Duration is measured by timing from the beginning ofone contraction to the beginning of the next contrac-tion.
❍ B.Duration is measured by timing from the end of onecontraction to the beginning of the next contraction.
❍ C.Duration is measured by timing from the beginning ofone contraction to the end of the same contraction.
❍ D.Duration is measured by timing from the peak of onecontraction to the end of the same contraction.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240202 Chapter 3
155. The physician has ordered an intravenous infusion of Pitocin for
the induction of labor. When caring for the obstetric client receiv-ing intravenous Pitocin, the nurse should monitor for:
❍ A.Maternal hypoglycemia
❍ B.Fetal bradycardia
❍ C.Maternal hyperreflexia
❍ D.Fetal movement
156. A client with diabetes visits the prenatal clinic at 28 weeks gesta-tion. Which statement is true regarding insulin needs during preg-nancy?
❍ A.Insulin requirements moderate as the pregnancy pro-gresses.
❍ B.A decreased need for insulin occurs during the secondtrimester.
❍ C.Elevations in human chorionic gonadotrophin decreasethe need for insulin.
❍ D.Fetal development depends on adequate insulin regu-lation.
157. A client in the prenatal clinic is assessed to have a blood pressureof 180/96. The nurse should give priority to:
❍ A.Providing a calm environment
❍ B.Obtaining a diet history
❍ C.Administering an analgesic
❍ D.Assessing fetal heart tones
158. A primigravida, age 42, is six weeks pregnant. Based on theclient’s age, her infant is at risk for:
❍ A.Down syndrome
❍ B.Respiratory distress syndrome
❍ C.Turner’s syndrome
❍ D.Pathological jaundice
159. A client with a missed abortion at 29 weeks gestation is admittedto the hospital. The client will most likely be treated with:
❍ A.Magnesium sulfate
❍ B.Calcium gluconate
❍ C.Dinoprostone (Prostin E.)
❍ D.Bromocrystine (Parlodel)✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 240
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 203
160. A client with preeclampsia has been receiving an infusion contain-
ing magnesium sulfate for a blood pressure that is 160/80; deeptendon reflexes are 1 plus, and the urinary output for the pasthour is 100mL. The nurse should:
❍ A.Continue the infusion of magnesium sulfate whilemonitoring the client’s blood pressure.
❍ B.Stop the infusion of magnesium sulfate and contactthe physician.
❍ C.Slow the infusion rate and turn the client on her leftside.
❍ D.Administer calcium gluconate IV push and continue tomonitor the blood pressure.
161. Which statement made by the nurse describes the inheritance pat-tern of autosomal recessive disorders?
❍ A.An affected newborn has unaffected parents.
❍ B.An affected newborn has one affected parent.
❍ C.Affected parents have a one in four chance of passingon the defective gene.
❍ D.Affected parents have unaffected children who are car-riers.
162. A pregnant client, age 32, asks the nurse why her doctor has rec-ommended a serum alpha fetoprotein. The nurse should explainthat the doctor has recommended the test:
❍ A.Because it is a state law
❍ B.To detect cardiovascular defects
❍ C.Because of her age
❍ D.To detect neurological defects
163. A client with hypothyroidism asks the nurse if she will still need totake thyroid medication during the pregnancy. The nurse’sresponse is based on the knowledge that:
❍ A.There is no need to take thyroid medication becausethe fetus’s thyroid produces a thyroid-stimulating hor-mone.
❍ B.Regulation of thyroid medication is more difficultbecause the thyroid gland increases in size duringpregnancy.
❍ C.It is more difficult to maintain thyroid regulation dur-ing pregnancy due to a slowing of metabolism.
❍ D.Fetal growth is arrested if thyroid medication is contin-ued during pregnancy.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241204 Chapter 3
164. The nurse is responsible for performing a neonatal assessment on
a full-term infant. At one minute, the nurse could expect to find:
❍ A.An apical pulse of 100
❍ B.An absence of tonus
❍ C.Cyanosis of the feet and hands
❍ D.Jaundice of the skin and sclera
165. A client with sickle cell anemia is admitted to the labor and deliv-ery unit during the first phase of labor. The nurse should antici-pate the client’s need for:
❍ A.Supplemental oxygen
❍ B.Fluid restriction
❍ C.Blood transfusion
❍ D.Delivery by Caesarean section
166. A client with diabetes has an order for ultrasonography.Preparation for an ultrasound includes:
❍ A.Increasing fluid intake
❍ B.Limiting ambulation
❍ C.Administering an enema
❍ D.Withholding food for eight hours
167. An infant who weighs 8 pounds at birth would be expected toweigh how many pounds at one year?
❍ A.14 pounds
❍ B.16 pounds
❍ C.18 pounds
❍ D.24 pounds
168. A pregnant client with a history of alcohol addiction is scheduledfor a nonstress test. The nonstress test:
❍ A.Determines the lung maturity of the fetus
❍ B.Measures the activity of the fetus
❍ C.Shows the effect of contractions on the fetal heart rate
❍ D.Measures the neurological well-being of the fetus✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 241
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 205
169. A full-term male has hypospadias. Which statement describes
hypospadias?
❍ A.The urethral opening is absent
❍ B.The urethra opens on the top side of the penis
❍ C.The urethral opening is enlarged
❍ D.The urethra opens on the under side of the penis
170. A gravida III para II is admitted to the labor unit. Vaginal examreveals that the client’s cervix is 8cm dilated, with completeeffacement. The priority nursing diagnosis at this time is:
❍ A.Alteration in coping related to pain
❍ B.Potential for injury related to precipitate delivery
❍ C.Alteration in elimination related to anesthesia
❍ D.Potential for fluid volume deficit related to NPO status
171. The client with varicella will most likely have an order for whichcategory of medication?
❍ A.Antibiotics
❍ B.Antipyretics
❍ C.Antivirals
❍ D.Anticoagulants
172. A client is admitted complaining of chest pain. Which of the fol-lowing drug orders should the nurse question?
❍ A.Nitroglycerin
❍ B.Ampicillin
❍ C.Propranolol
❍ D.Verapamil
173. Which of the following instructions should be included in theteaching for the client with rheumatoid arthritis?
❍ A.Avoid exercise because it fatigues the joints.
❍ B.Take prescribed anti-inflammatory medications withmeals.
❍ C.Alternate hot and cold packs to affected joints.
❍ D.Avoid weight-bearing activity.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242206 Chapter 3
174. A client with acute pancreatitis is experiencing severe abdominal
pain. Which of the following orders should be questioned by thenurse?
❍ A.Meperidine 100mg IM m 4 hours PRN pain
❍ B.Mylanta 30 ccs m 4 hours via NG
❍ C.Cimetadine 300mg PO m.i.d.
❍ D.Morphine 8mg IM m 4 hours PRN pain
175. The client is admitted to the chemical dependence unit with anorder for continuous observation. The nurse is aware that the doc-tor has ordered continuous observation because:
❍ A.Hallucinogenic drugs create both stimulant anddepressant effects.
❍ B.Hallucinogenic drugs induce a state of altered percep-tion.
❍ C.Hallucinogenic drugs produce severe respiratorydepression.
❍ D.Hallucinogenic drugs induce rapid physical depend-ence.
176. A client with a history of abusing barbiturates abruptly stops tak-ing the medication. The nurse should give priority to assessing theclient for:
❍ A.Depression and suicidal ideation
❍ B.Tachycardia and diarrhea
❍ C.Muscle cramping and abdominal pain
❍ D.Tachycardia and euphoric mood
177. During the assessment of a laboring client, the nurse notes thatthe FHT are loudest in the upper-right quadrant. The infant is mostlikely in which position?
❍ A.Right breech presentation
❍ B.Right occipital anterior presentation
❍ C.Left sacral anterior presentation
❍ D.Left occipital transverse presentation
178. The primary physiological alteration in the development of asthma is:
❍ A.Bronchiolar inflammation and dyspnea
❍ B.Hypersecretion of abnormally viscous mucus
❍ C.Infectious processes causing mucosal edema
❍ D.Spasm of bronchiolar smooth muscle✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 242
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 207
179. A client with mania is unable to finish her dinner. To help her
maintain sufficient nourishment, the nurse should:
❍ A.Serve high-calorie foods she can carry with her.
❍ B.Encourage her appetite by sending out for her favoritefoods.
❍ C.Serve her small, attractively arranged portions.
❍ D.Allow her in the unit kitchen for extra food whenevershe pleases.
180. To maintain Bryant’s traction, the nurse must make certain that thechild’s:
❍ A.Hips are resting on the bed, with the legs suspendedat a right angle to the bed
❍ B.Hips are slightly elevated above the bed and the legsare suspended at a right angle to the bed
❍ C.Hips are elevated above the level of the body on a pil-low and the legs are suspended parallel to the bed
❍ D.Hips and legs are flat on the bed, with the tractionpositioned at the foot of the bed
181. Which action by the nurse indicates understanding of herpeszoster?
❍ A.The nurse covers the lesions with a sterile dressing.
❍ B.The nurse wears gloves when providing care.
❍ C.The nurse administers a prescribed antibiotic.
❍ D.The nurse administers oxygen.
182. There is an order for a trough to be drawn on the client receivingVancomycin. The nurse is aware that he should contact the lab forthem to collect the blood:
❍ A.15 minutes after the infusion
❍ B.30 minutes before the fourth infusion
❍ C.One hour after the infusion
❍ D.Two hours after the infusion
183. The client using a diaphragm should be instructed to:
❍ A.Refrain from keeping the diaphragm in longer thanfour hours
❍ B.Keep the diaphragm in a cool location
❍ C.Have the diaphragm resized if she gains five pounds
❍ D.Have the diaphragm resized if she has any surgery✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243208 Chapter 3
184. The nurse is providing postpartum teaching for a mother planning
to breastfeed her infant. Which of the client’s statements indicatesthe need for additional teaching?
❍ A.“I’m wearing a support bra.”
❍ B.“I’m expressing milk from my breast.”
❍ C.“I’m drinking four glasses of fluid during a 24-hourperiod.”
❍ D.“While I’m in the shower, I’ll allow the water to runover my breasts.”
185. Damage to the VII cranial nerve results in:
❍ A.Facial pain
❍ B.Absence of ability to smell
❍ C.Absence of eye movement
❍ D.Tinnitus
186. A client is receiving Pyridium (phenazopyridine hydrochloride) fora urinary tract infection. The client should be taught that the med-ication may:
❍ A.Cause diarrhea
❍ B.Change the color of her urine
❍ C.Cause mental confusion
❍ D.Cause changes in taste
187. Which of the following tests should be performed before begin-ning a prescription of Accutane?
❍ A.Check the calcium level.
❍ B.Perform a pregnancy test.
❍ C.Monitor apical pulse.
❍ D.Obtain a creatinine level.
188. A client with AIDS is taking Zovirax (acyclovir). Which nursingintervention is most critical during the administration of acyclovir?
❍ A.Limit the client’s activity.
❍ B.Encourage a high-carbohydrate diet.
❍ C.Use an incentive spirometer to improve respiratoryfunction.
❍ D.Encourage fluids.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 243
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 209
189. A client is admitted for an CAT scan. The nurse should question
the client regarding:
❍ A.Pregnancy
❍ B.A titanium hip replacement
❍ C.Allergies to antibiotics
❍ D.Inability to move his feet
190. The nurse is caring for the client receiving Amphotericin B. Whichof the following indicates that the client has experienced toxicity tothis drug?
❍ A.Changes in vision
❍ B.Nausea
❍ C.Urinary frequency
❍ D.Changes in skin color
191. The nurse should visit which of the following clients first?
❍ A.The client with diabetes with a blood glucose of95mg/dL
❍ B.The client with hypertension being maintained onLisinopril
❍ C.The client with chest pain and a history of angina
❍ D.The client with Raynaud’s disease
192. A client with cystic fibrosis is taking pancreatic enzymes. Thenurse should administer this medication:
❍ A.Once per day in the morning
❍ B.Three times per day with meals
❍ C.Once per day at bedtime
❍ D.Four times per day
193. Cataracts result in opacity of the crystalline lens. Which of the fol-lowing best explains the functions of the lens?
❍ A.The lens controls stimulation of the retina.
❍ B.The lens orchestrates eye movement.
❍ C.The lens focuses light rays on the retina.
❍ D.The lens magnifies small objects.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244210 Chapter 3
194. A client who has glaucoma is to have miotic eyedrops instilled in
both eyes. The nurse knows that the purpose of the medication is to:
❍ A.Anesthetize the cornea
❍ B.Dilate the pupils
❍ C.Constrict the pupils
❍ D.Paralyze the muscles of accommodation
195. A client with a severe corneal ulcer has an order for Gentamicingtt. q 4 hours and Neomycin 1 gtt q 4 hours. Which of the follow-ing schedules should be used when administering the drops?
❍ A.Allow five minutes between the two medications.
❍ B.The medications may be used together.
❍ C.The medications should be separated by a cycloplegicdrug.
❍ D.The medications should not be used in the sameclient.
196. The client with color blindness will most likely have problems dis-tinguishing which of the following colors?
❍ A.Orange
❍ B.Violet
❍ C.Red
❍ D.White
197. The client with a pacemaker should be taught to:
❍ A.Report ankle edema
❍ B.Check his blood pressure daily
❍ C.Refrain from using a microwave oven
❍ D.Monitor his pulse rate
198. The client with enuresis is being taught regarding bladder retrain-ing. The nurse should advise the client to refrain from drinkingafter:
❍ A.1900
❍ B.1200
❍ C.1000
❍ D.0700✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 244
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 211
199. Which of the following diet instructions should be given to the
client with recurring urinary tract infections?
❍ A.Increase intake of meats.
❍ B.Avoid citrus fruits.
❍ C.Perform pericare with hydrogen peroxide.
❍ D.Drink a glass of cranberry juice every day.
200. The physician has prescribed NPH insulin for a client with dia-betes mellitus. Which statement indicates that the client knowswhen the peak action of the insulin occurs?
❍ A.“I will make sure I eat breakfast within two hours oftaking my insulin.”
❍ B.“I will need to carry candy or some form of sugar withme all the time.”
❍ C.“I will eat a snack around three o’clock each after-noon.”
❍ D.“I can save my dessert from supper for a bedtimesnack.”
201. A client with pneumacystis carinii pneumonia is receivingMethotrexate. The rationale for administering leucovorin calciumto a client receiving Methotrexate is to:
❍ A.Treat anemia
❍ B.Create a synergistic effect
❍ C.Increase the number of white blood cells
❍ D.Reverse drug toxicity
202. A client tells the nurse that she is allergic to eggs, dogs, rabbits,and chicken feathers. Which order should the nurse question?
❍ A.TB skin test
❍ B.Rubella vaccine
❍ C.ELISA test
❍ D.Chest x-ray
203. The physician has prescribed ranitidine (Zantac) for a client witherosive gastritis. The nurse should administer the medication:
❍ A.30 minutes before meals
❍ B.With each meal
❍ C.In a single dose at bedtime
❍ D.60 minutes after meals✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245212 Chapter 3
204. A temporary colostomy is performed on the client with colon can-
cer. The nurse is aware that the proximal end of a double barrelcolostomy:
❍ A.Is the opening on the client’s left side
❍ B.Is the opening on the distal end on the client’s left side
❍ C.Is the opening on the client’s right side
❍ D.Is the opening on the distal right side
205. While assessing the postpartal client, the nurse notes that the fun-dus is displaced to the right. Based on this finding, the nurseshould:
❍ A.Ask the client to void.
❍ B.Assess the blood pressure for hypotension.
❍ C.Administer oxytocin.
❍ D.Check for vaginal bleeding.
206. The physician has ordered an MRI for a client with an orthopedicailment. An MRI should not be done if the client has:
❍ A.The need for oxygen therapy
❍ B.A history of claustrophobia
❍ C.A permanent pacemaker
❍ D.Sensory deafness
207. A six-month-old client is placed on strict bed rest following a her-nia repair. Which toy is best suited to the client?
❍ A.Colorful crib mobile
❍ B.Hand-held electronic games
❍ C.Cars in a plastic container
❍ D.30-piece jigsaw puzzle
208. The nurse is preparing to discharge a client with a long history ofpolio. The nurse should tell the client that:
❍ A.Taking a hot bath will decrease stiffness and spasticity.
❍ B.A schedule of strenuous exercise will improve musclestrength.
❍ C.Rest periods should be scheduled throughout the day.
❍ D.Visual disturbances can be corrected with prescriptionglasses.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 245
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 213
209. A client on the postpartum unit has a proctoepisiotomy. The nurse
should anticipate administering which medication?
❍ A.Dulcolax suppository
❍ B.Docusate sodium (Colace)
❍ C.Methyergonovine maleate (Methergine)
❍ D.Bromocriptine sulfate (Parlodel)
210. A client with pancreatic cancer has an infusion of TPN (TotalParenteral Nutrition). The doctor has ordered for sliding-scaleinsulin. The most likely explanation for this order is:
❍ A.Total Parenteral Nutrition leads to negative nitrogenbalance and elevated glucose levels.
❍ B.Total Parenteral Nutrition cannot be managed with oralhypoglycemics.
❍ C.Total Parenteral Nutrition is a high-glucose solutionthat often elevates the blood glucose levels.
❍ D.Total Parenteral Nutrition leads to further pancreaticdisease.
211. An adolescent primigravida who is 10 weeks pregnant attends theantepartal clinic for a first check-up. To develop a teaching plan,the nurse should initially assess:
❍ A.The client’s knowledge of the signs of preterm labor
❍ B.The client’s feelings about the pregnancy
❍ C.Whether the client was using a method of birth control
❍ D.The client’s thought about future children
212. An obstetric client is admitted with dehydration. Which IV fluidwould be most appropriate for the client?
❍ A..45 normal saline
❍ B.Dextrose 1% in water
❍ C.Lactated Ringer’s
❍ D.Dextrose 5% in .45 normal saline
213. The physician has ordered a thyroid scan to confirm the diagnosisof a goiter. Before the procedure, the nurse should:
❍ A.Assess the client for allergies.
❍ B.Bolus the client with IV fluid.
❍ C.Tell the client he will be asleep.
❍ D.Insert a urinary catheter.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246214 Chapter 3
214. The physician has ordered an injection of RhoGam for a client
with blood type A negative. The nurse understands that RhoGamis given to:
❍ A.Provide immunity against Rh isoenzymes
❍ B.Prevent the formation of Rh antibodies
❍ C.Eliminate circulating Rh antibodies
❍ D.Convert the Rh factor from negative to positive
215. The nurse is caring for a client admitted to the emergency roomafter a fall. X-rays reveal that the client has several fracturedbones in the foot. Which treatment should the nurse anticipate forthe fractured foot?
❍ A.Application of a short inclusive spica cast
❍ B.Stabilization with a plaster-of-Paris cast
❍ C.Surgery with Kirschner wire implantation
❍ D.A gauze dressing only
216. A client with bladder cancer is being treated with iridium seedimplants. The nurse’s discharge teaching should include telling theclient to:
❍ A.Strain his urine
❍ B.Increase his fluid intake
❍ C.Report urinary frequency
❍ D.Avoid prolonged sitting
217. Following a heart transplant, a client is started on medication toprevent organ rejection. Which category of medication preventsthe formation of antibodies against the new organ?
❍ A.Antivirals
❍ B.Antibiotics
❍ C.Immunosuppressants
❍ D.Analgesics
218. The nurse is preparing a client for cataract surgery. The nurse isaware that the procedure will use:
❍ A.Mydriatics to facilitate removal
❍ B.Miotic medications such as Timoptic
❍ C.A laser to smooth and reshape the lens
❍ D.Silicone oil injections into the eyeball✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 246
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 215
219. A client with Alzheimer’s disease is awaiting placement in a skilled
nursing facility. Which long-term plans would be most therapeuticfor the client?
❍ A.Placing mirrors in several locations in the home
❍ B.Placing a picture of herself in her bedroom
❍ C.Placing simple signs to indicate the location of thebedroom, bathroom, and so on
❍ D.Alternating healthcare workers to prevent boredom
220. A client with an abdominal cholecystectomy returns from surgerywith a Jackson-Pratt drain. The chief purpose of the Jackson-Prattdrain is to:
❍ A.Prevent the need for dressing changes
❍ B.Reduce edema at the incision
❍ C.Provide for wound drainage
❍ D.Keep the common bile duct open
221. The nurse is performing an initial assessment of a newbornCaucasian male delivered at 32 weeks gestation. The nurse canexpect to find the presence of:
❍ A.Mongolian spots
❍ B.Scrotal rugae
❍ C.Head lag
❍ D.Polyhydramnios
222. The nurse is caring for a client admitted with multiple trauma.Fractures include the pelvis, femur, and ulna. Which findingshould be reported to the physician immediately?
❍ A.Hematuria
❍ B.Muscle spasms
❍ C.Dizziness
❍ D.Nausea
223. A client is brought to the emergency room by the police. He iscombative and yells, “I have to get out of here. They are trying tokill me.” Which assessment is most likely correct in relation tothis statement?
❍ A.The client is experiencing an auditory hallucination.
❍ B.The client is having a delusion of grandeur.
❍ C.The client is experiencing paranoid delusions.
❍ D.The client is intoxicated.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247216 Chapter 3
224. The nurse is preparing to suction the client with a tracheotomy.
The nurse notes a previously used bottle of normal saline on theclient’s bedside table. There is no label to indicate the date or timeof initial use. The nurse should:
❍ A.Lip the bottle and use a pack of sterile 4 ×4 for the
dressing.
❍ B.Obtain a new bottle and label it with the date and timeof first use.
❍ C.Ask the ward secretary when the solution was requested.
❍ D.Label the existing bottle with the current date and time.
225. An infant’s Apgar score is 9 at five minutes. The nurse is awarethat the most likely cause for the deduction of one point is:
❍ A.The baby is hypothermic.
❍ B.The baby is experiencing bradycardia.
❍ C.The baby’s hands and feet are blue.
❍ D.The baby is lethargic.
226. The primary reason for rapid continuous rewarming of the areaaffected by frostbite is to:
❍ A.Lessen the amount of cellular damage
❍ B.Prevent the formation of blisters
❍ C.Promote movement
❍ D.Prevent pain and discomfort
227. A client recently started on hemodialysis wants to know how thedialysis will take the place of his kidneys. The nurse’s response isbased on the knowledge that hemodialysis works by:
❍ A.Passing water through a dialyzing membrane
❍ B.Eliminating plasma proteins from the blood
❍ C.Lowering the pH by removing nonvolatile acids
❍ D.Filtering waste through a dialyzing membrane
228. During a home visit, a client with AIDS tells the nurse that he hasbeen exposed to measles. Which action by the nurse is mostappropriate?
❍ A.Administer an antibiotic.
❍ B.Contact the physician for an order for immune globulin.
❍ C.Administer an antiviral.
❍ D.Tell the client that he should remain in isolation for twoweeks.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 247
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 217
229. A client hospitalized with MRSA is placed on contact precautions.
Which statement is true regarding precautions for infectionsspread by contact?
❍ A.The client should be placed in a room with negativepressure.
❍ B.Infection requires close contact; therefore, the doormay remain open.
❍ C.Transmission is highly likely, so the client should weara mask at all times.
❍ D.Infection requires skin-to-skin contact and is prevent-ed by hand washing, gloves, and a gown.
230. A client who is admitted with an above-the-knee amputation tellsthe nurse that his foot hurts and itches. Which response by thenurse indicates understanding of phantom limb pain?
❍ A.“The pain will go away in a few days.”
❍ B.“The pain is due to peripheral nervous system inter-ruptions. I will get you some pain medication.”
❍ C.“The pain is psychological because your foot is nolonger there.”
❍ D.“The pain and itching are due to the infection you hadbefore the surgery.”
231. A client with cancer of the pancreas has undergone a Whippleprocedure. The nurse is aware that during the Whipple procedure,the doctor will remove the:
❍ A.Head of the pancreas
❍ B.Proximal third section of the small intestines
❍ C.Stomach and duodenum
❍ D.Esophagus and jejunum
232. The physician has ordered a minimal-bacteria diet for a client withneutropenia. The client should be taught to avoid eating:
❍ A.Fruits
❍ B.Salt
❍ C.Pepper
❍ D.Ketchup✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248218 Chapter 3
233. A client is discharged home with a prescription for Coumadin
(sodium warfarin). The client should be instructed to:
❍ A.Have a Protime done monthly.
❍ B.Eat more fruits and vegetables.
❍ C.Drink more liquids.
❍ D.Avoid crowds.
234. The nurse is assisting the physician with removal of a centralvenous catheter. To facilitate removal, the nurse should instructthe client to:
❍ A.Perform the Valsalva maneuver as the catheter isadvanced
❍ B.Turn his head to the left side and hyperextend the neck
❍ C.Take slow, deep breaths as the catheter is removed
❍ D.Turn his head to the right while maintaining a sniffingposition
235. A client has an order for streptokinase. Before administering themedication, the nurse should assess the client for:
❍ A.Allergies to pineapples and bananas
❍ B.A history of streptococcal infections
❍ C.Prior therapy with phenytoin
❍ D.A history of alcohol abuse
236. The nurse is providing discharge teaching for the client withleukemia. The client should be told to avoid:
❍ A.Using oil- or cream-based soaps
❍ B.Flossing between the teeth
❍ C.The intake of salt
❍ D.Using an electric razor
237. The nurse is changing the ties of the client with a tracheotomy.The safest method of changing the tracheotomy ties is to:
❍ A.Apply the new tie before removing the old one.
❍ B.Have a helper present.
❍ C.Hold the tracheotomy with the nondominant handwhile removing the old tie.
❍ D.Ask the doctor to suture the tracheostomy in place.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 248
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 219
238. The nurse is monitoring a client following a lung resection. The
hourly output from the chest tube was 300mL. The nurse shouldgive priority to:
❍ A.Turning the client to the left side
❍ B.Milking the tube to ensure patency
❍ C.Slowing the intravenous infusion
❍ D.Notifying the physician
239. The infant is admitted to the unit with tetralogy of Fallot. Thenurse would anticipate an order for which medication?
❍ A.Digoxin
❍ B.Epinephrine
❍ C.Aminophyline
❍ D.Atropine
240. The nurse is educating the lady’s club in self-breast exam. Thenurse is aware that most malignant breast masses occur in theTail of Spence. On the diagram, place an X on the Tail of Spence.✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 249241. The toddler is admitted with a cardiac anomaly. The nurse is awarethat the infant with a ventricular septal defect will:
❍ A.Tire easily
❍ B.Grow normally
❍ C.Need more calories
❍ D.Be more susceptible to viral infections220 Chapter 3
242. The nurse is monitoring a client with a history of stillborn infants.
The nurse is aware that a nonstress test can be ordered for thisclient to:
❍ A.Determine lung maturity
❍ B.Measure the fetal activity
❍ C.Show the effect of contractions on fetal heart rate
❍ D.Measure the well-being of the fetus
243. The nurse is evaluating the client who was admitted eight hoursago for induction of labor. The following graph is noted on themonitor. Which action should be taken first by the nurse?✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
040
206080100306090120150180210
AB
Fetal Heart Rate
Uterine Contractions
❍ A.Instruct the client to push.
❍ B.Perform a vaginal exam.
❍ C.Turn off the Pitocin infusion.
❍ D.Place the client in a semi-Fowler’s position.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 221
244. The nurse notes the following on the ECG monitor. The nurse
would evaluate the cardiac arrhythmia as:
❍ A.Atrial flutter
❍ B.A sinus rhythm
❍ C.Ventricular tachycardia
❍ D.Atrial fibrillation
245. A client with clotting disorder has an order to continue Lovenox(enoxaparin) injections after discharge. The nurse should teachthe client that Lovenox injections should:
❍ A.Be injected into the deltoid muscle
❍ B.Be injected into the abdomen
❍ C.Aspirate after the injection
❍ D.Clear the air from the syringe before injections
246. The nurse has a preop order to administer Valium (diazepam)10mg and Phenergan (promethazine) 25mg. The correct methodof administering these medications is to:
❍ A.Administer the medications together in one syringe
❍ B.Administer the medication separately
❍ C.Administer the Valium, wait five minutes, and theninject the Phenergan
❍ D.Question the order because they cannot be given atthe same time
247. A client with frequent urinary tract infections asks the nurse howshe can prevent the reoccurrence. The nurse should teach theclient to:
❍ A.Douche after intercourse
❍ B.Void every three hours
❍ C.Obtain a urinalysis monthly
❍ D.Wipe from back to front after voiding
248. Which task should be assigned to the nursing assistant?
❍ A.Placing the client in seclusion
❍ B.Emptying the Foley catheter of the preeclamptic client
❍ C.Feeding the client with dementia
❍ D.Ambulating the client with a fractured hip✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250222 Chapter 3
249. The client has recently returned from having a thyroidectomy. The
nurse should keep which of the following at the bedside?
❍ A.A tracheotomy set
❍ B.A padded tongue blade
❍ C.An endotracheal tube
❍ D.An airway
250. The physician has ordered a histoplasmosis test for the elderlyclient. The nurse is aware that histoplasmosis is transmitted tohumans by:
❍ A.Cats
❍ B.Dogs
❍ C.Turtles
❍ D.Birds✓Quick Check
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250
Quick Answer: 224
Detailed Answer: 250Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 223
Quick Answers
1.D
2.D
3.B
4.C
5.C
6.C
7.D
8.D
9.C
10. B
11. A
12. C
13. D
14. B
15. B
16. A
17. A
18. A
19. C
20. B
21. C
22. A
23. A
24. B
25. D
26. A
27. B
28. C
29. C
30. C31. B
32. A
33. B
34. B
35. D
36. B
37. A
38. B
39. D
40. A
41. A
42. A
43. A
44. C
45. B
46. A
47. B
48. C
49. C
50. D
51. B
52. B
53. B
54. C
55. D
56. A
57. B
58. C
59. C
60. B61. D
62. A
63. C
64. B
65. A
66. D
67. B
68. C
69. A
70. C
71. C
72. D
73. B
74. D
75. D
76. B
77. D
78. D
79. A
80. B
81. A
82. A
83. D
84. D
85. B
86. B
87. B
88. B
89. D
90. B91. A
92. C
93. C
94. B
95. C
96. A
97. B
98. C
99. D
100. C
101. B
102. D
103. B
104. D
105. B
106. B
107. D
108. D
109. C
110. D
111. C
112. B
113. C
114. C
115. D
116. C
117. B
118. B
119. C
120. B224 Chapter 3
121. B
122. A
123. D
124. A
125. A
126. B
127. A
128. B
129. C
130. B
131. B
132. B
133. B
134. A
135. A
136. A
137. C
138. B
139. A
140. B
141. B
142. B
143. D
144. A
145. A
146. A
147. C
148. B
149. A
150. C
151. B
152. D
153. C154. C
155. B
156. D
157. A
158. A
159. C
160. A
161. C
162. D
163. B
164. C
165. A
166. A
167. D
168. B
169. D
170. A
171. C
172. B
173. B
174. D
175. B
176. B
177. A
178. D
179. A
180. B
181. B
182. B
183. B
184. C
185. A
186. B187. B
188. D
189. A
190. D
191. C
192. B
193. C
194. C
195. A
196. B
197. D
198. A
199. D
200. C
201. D
202. B
203. B
204. C
205. A
206. C
207. C
208. C
209. B
210. C
211. B
212. A
213. A
214. B
215. B
216. A
217. C
218. A
219. C220. C
221. C
222. A
223. C
224. B
225. C
226. A
227. D
228. B
229. D
230. B
231. A
232. C
233. A
234. A
235. B
236. B
237. A
238. D
239. A
240. See diagram.
241. A
242. B
243. C
244. C
245. B
246. B
247. B
248. C
249. A
250. DPractice Exam 3 and Rationales 225
Answers and Rationales
1. Answer D is correct. It is important to assess the extremities for blood vessel occlu-
sion in the client with sickle cell anemia because a change in capillary refill would indi-
cate a change in circulation. Body temperature, motion, and sensation would not giveinformation regarding peripheral circulation; therefore, answers A, B, and C are incor-rect.
2. Answer D is correct. Placing the client in semi-Fowler’s position provides the best
oxygenation for this client. Flexion of the hips and knees, which includes the knee-chest position, impedes circulation and is not correct positioning for this client.Therefore, answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
3. Answer B is correct. It is important to keep the client in sickle cell crisis hydrated to
prevent further sickling of the blood. Answer A is incorrect because a mechanical cuffplaces too much pressure on the arm. Answer C is incorrect because raising the kneegatch impedes circulation. Answer D is incorrect because Tylenol is too mild an anal-gesic for the client in crisis.
4. Answer C is correct. Hydration is important in the client with sickle cell disease to
prevent thrombus formation. Popsicles, gelatin, juice, and pudding have high fluidcontent. The foods in answers A, B, and D do not aid in hydration and are, therefore,incorrect.
5. Answer C is correct. The pulse oximetry indicates that oxygen levels are low; thus,
oxygenation takes precedence over pain relief. Answer A is incorrect because althougha warm environment reduces pain and minimizes sickling, it would not be a priority.Answer B is incorrect because although hydration is important, it would not require abolus. Answer D is incorrect because Demerol is acidifying to the blood and increasessickling.
6. Answer C is correct. Egg yolks, wheat bread, carrots, raisins, and green, leafy vegeta-
bles are all high in iron, which is an important mineral for this client. Roast beef, cab-bage, and pork chops are also high in iron, but the side dishes accompanying thesechoices are not; therefore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
7. Answer D is correct. Taking a trip to the museum is the only answer that does not
pose a threat. A family vacation in the Rocky Mountains at high altitudes, cold temper-atures, and airplane travel can cause sickling episodes and should be avoided; there-fore, answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
8. Answer D is correct. The tongue of the client with B12 insufficiency is red and beefy.
Answers A, B, and C incorrect because enlarged spleen, elevated BP , and bradycardiaare not associated with B12 deficiency.
9. Answer C is correct. The oral mucosa and hard palate (roof of the mouth) are the best
indicators of jaundice in dark-skinned persons. The conjunctiva can have normaldeposits of fat, which give a yellowish hue; thus, answer A is incorrect. The soles ofthe feet can be yellow if they are calloused, making answer B incorrect; the shinswould be an area of darker pigment, so answer D is incorrect.226 Chapter 3
10. Answer B is correct. When there are fewer red blood cells, there is less hemoglobin
and less oxygen. Therefore, the client is often short of breath, as indicated in answer
B. The client with anemia is often pale in color, has weight loss, and may be hypoten-sive. Answers A, C, and D are within normal and, therefore, are incorrect.
11. Answer A is correct. The client with polycythemia vera is at risk for thrombus forma-
tion. Hydrating the client with at least 3L of fluid per day is important in preventingclot formation, so the statement to drink less than 500mL is incorrect. Answers B, C,and D are incorrect because they all contribute to the prevention of complications.Support hose promotes venous return, the electric razor prevents bleeding due toinjury, and a diet low in iron is essential to preventing further red cell formation.
12. Answer C is correct. Radiation treatment for other types of cancer can contribute to
the development of leukemia. Some hobbies and occupations involving chemicals arelinked to leukemia, but not the ones in these answers; therefore, answers A and B areincorrect. Answer D is incorrect because the incidence of leukemia is higher in twins,not siblings.
13. Answer D is correct. Petechiae are not usually visualized on dark skin. The soles of
the feet and palms of the hand provide a lighter surface for assessing the client forpetichiae. Answers A, B, and C are incorrect because the skin may be too dark to makean assessment.
14. Answer B is correct. The client with leukemia is at risk for infection and has often had
recurrent respiratory infections during the previous six months. Insomnolence, weightloss, and a decrease in alertness also occur in leukemia, but bleeding tendencies andinfections are the primary clinical manifestations; therefore, answers A, C, and D areincorrect.
15. Answer B is correct. The client with acute leukemia has bleeding tendencies due to
decreased platelet counts, and any injury would exacerbate the problem. The clientwould require close monitoring for hemorrhage, which is of higher priority than thediagnoses in answers A, C, and D, which are incorrect.
16. Answer A is correct. Radiation therapy often causes sterility in male clients and would
be of primary importance to this client. The psychosocial needs of the client areimportant to address in light of the age and life choices. Hodgkin’s disease, however,has a good prognosis when diagnosed early. Answers B, C, and D are incorrectbecause they are of lesser priority.
17. Answer A is correct. Clients with autoimmune thrombocytopenic purpura (ATP) have
low platelet counts, making answer A the correct answer. White cell counts, potassiumlevels, and PTT are not affected in ATP; thus, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
18. Answer A is correct. The normal platelet count is 120,000–400,000. Bleeding occurs
in clients with low platelets. The priority is to prevent and minimize bleeding.Oxygenation in answer C is important, but platelets do not carry oxygen. Answers Band D are of lesser priority and are incorrect in this instance.
19. Answer C is correct. A prolactinoma is a type of pituitary tumor. Elevating the head of
the bed 30° avoids pressure on the sella turcica and helps to prevent headaches.Answers A, B, and D are incorrect because Trendelenburg, Valsalva maneuver, andcoughing all increase the intracranial pressure.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 227
20. Answer B is correct. The large amount of fluid loss can cause fluid and electrolyte
imbalance that should be corrected. The loss of electrolytes would be reflected in the
vital signs. Measuring the urinary output is important, but the stem already says thatthe client has polyuria, so answer A is incorrect. Encouraging fluid intake will not cor-rect the problem, making answer C incorrect. Answer D is incorrect because weighingthe client is not necessary at this time.
21. Answer C is correct. C is correct because direct pressure to the nose stops the bleed-
ing. Answers A, B, and D are incorrect because they do not stop bleeding.
22. Answer A is correct. Blood pressure is the best indicator of cardiovascular collapse in
the client who has had an adrenal gland removed. The remaining gland might havebeen suppressed due to the tumor activity. Temperature would be an indicator ofinfection, decreased output would be a clinical manifestation but would take longer tooccur than blood pressure changes, and specific gravity changes occur with other dis-orders; therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
23. Answer A is correct. IV glucocorticoids raise the glucose levels and often require cov-
erage with insulin. Answer B is not necessary at this time, sodium and potassium lev-els would be monitored when the client is receiving mineral corticoids, and dailyweights is unnecessary; therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
24. Answer B is correct. The parathyroid glands are responsible for calcium production
and can be damaged during a thyroidectomy. The tingling can be due to low calciumlevels. The crash cart would be needed in respiratory distress but would not be thenext action to take; thus, answer A is incorrect. Hypertension occurs in thyroid stormand the drainage would occur in hemorrhage, so answers C and D are incorrect.
25. Answer D is correct. The decrease in pulse can affect the cardiac output and lead to
shock, which would take precedence over the other choices; therefore, answers A, B,and C are incorrect.
26. Answer A is correct. The client taking antilipidemics should be encouraged to report
muscle weakness because this is a sign of rhabdomyolysis. The medication takeseffect within one month of beginning therapy, so answer B is incorrect. The medica-tion should be taken with water because fruit juice, particularly grapefruit, candecrease the effectiveness, making answer C incorrect. Liver function studies shouldbe checked before beginning the medication, not after the fact, making answer Dincorrect.
27. Answer B is correct. Hyperstat is given IV push for hypertensive crises, but it often
causes hyperglycemia. The glucose level will drop rapidly when stopped. Answer A isincorrect because the hyperstat is given by IV push. The client should be placed indorsal recumbent position, not Trendelenburg position, as stated in answer C. AnswerD is incorrect because the medication does not have to be covered with foil.
28. Answer C is correct. A heart rate of 60 in the baby should be reported immediately.
The dose should be held if the heart rate is below 100bpm. The blood glucose, bloodpressure, and respirations are within normal limits; thus, answers A, B, and D areincorrect.228 Chapter 3
29. Answer C is correct. Nitroglycerine should be kept in a brown bottle (or even a special
air- and water-tight, solid or plated silver or gold container) because of its instability
and tendency to become less potent when exposed to air, light, or water. The supplyshould be replenished every six months, not three months, and one tablet should betaken every five minutes until pain subsides, so answers A and B are incorrect. If thepain does not subside, the client should report to the emergency room. The medica-tion should be taken sublingually and should not be crushed, as stated in answer D.
30. Answer C is correct. Turkey contains the least amount of fats and cholesterol. Liver,
eggs, beef, cream sauces, shrimp, cheese, and chocolate should be avoided by theclient; thus, answers A, B, and D are incorrect. The client should bake meat rather thanfrying to avoid adding fat to the meat during cooking.
31. Answer B is correct. The jugular veins in the neck should be assessed for distension.
The other parts of the body will be edematous in right-sided congestive heart failure,not left-sided; thus, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
32. Answer A is correct. The phlebostatic axis is located at the fifth intercostals space
midaxillary line and is the correct placement of the manometer. The PMI or point ofmaximal impulse is located at the fifth intercostals space midclavicular line, so answerB is incorrect. Erb’s point is the point at which you can hear the valves close simulta-neously, making answer C incorrect. The Tail of Spence (the upper outer quadrant ofthe breast) is the area where most breast cancers are located and has nothing to dowith placement of a manometer; thus, answer D is incorrect.
33. Answer B is correct. Zestril is an ACE inhibitor and is frequently given with a diuretic
such as Lasix for hypertension. Answers A, C, and D are incorrect because the order isaccurate. There is no need to question the order, administer the medication separately,or contact the pharmacy.
34. Answer B is correct. The best indicator of peripheral edema is measuring the extremi-
ty. A paper tape measure should be used rather than one made of plastic or cloth, andthe area should be marked with a pen, providing the most objective assessment.Answer A is incorrect because weighing the client will not indicate peripheral edema.Answer C is incorrect because checking the intake and output will not indicate periph-eral edema. Answer D is incorrect because checking for pitting edema is less reliablethan measuring with a paper tape measure.
35. Answer D is correct. Clients with radium implants should have close contact limited
to 30 minutes per visit. The general rule is limiting time spent exposed to radium, put-ting distance between people and the radium source, and using lead to shield againstthe radium. Teaching the family member these principles is extremely important.Answers A, B, and C are not empathetic and do not address the question; therefore,they are incorrect.
36. Answer B is correct. The client with a facial stroke will have difficulty swallowing and
chewing, and the foods in answer B provide the least amount of chewing. The foods inanswers A, C, and D would require more chewing and, thus, are incorrect.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 229
37. Answer A is correct. Novalog insulin onsets very quickly, so food should be available
within 10–15 minutes of taking the insulin. Answer B does not address a particular
type of insulin, so it is incorrect. NPH insulin peaks in 8–12 hours, so a snack shouldbe eaten at the expected peak time. It may not be 3 p.m. as stated in answer C.Answer D is incorrect because there is no need to save the dessert until bedtime.
38. Answer B is correct. The umbilical cord needs time to dry and fall off before putting
the infant in the tub. Although answers A, C, and D might be important, they are notthe primary answer to the question.
39. Answer D is correct. Leucovorin is the antidote for Methotrexate and Trimetrexate
which are folic acid antagonists. Leucovorin is a folic acid derivative. Answers A, B,and C are incorrect because Leucovorin does not treat iron deficiency, increase neu-trophils, or have a synergistic effect.
40. Answer A is correct. The Hemophilus influenza vaccine is given at four months with
the polio vaccine. Answers B, C, and D are incorrect because these vaccines are givenlater in life.
41. Answer A is correct. Proton pump inhibitors should be taken prior to the meal.
Answers B, C, and D are incorrect times for giving proton pump inhibitors likeNexium.
42. Answer A is correct. If the client is a threat to the staff and to other clients the nurse
should call for help and prepare to administer a medication such as Haldol to sedatehim. Answer B is incorrect because simply telling the client to calm down will notwork. Answer C is incorrect because telling the client that if he continues he will bepunished is a threat and may further anger him. Answer D is incorrect because if theclient is left alone, he might harm himself.
43. Answer A is correct. If the fundus of the client is displaced to the side, this might
indicate a full bladder. The next action by the nurse should be to check for bladder dis-tention and catheterize, if necessary. The answers in B, C, and D are actions that relateto postpartal hemorrhage.
44. Answer C is correct. A low-grade temperature, blood-tinged sputum, fatigue, and
night sweats are symptoms consistent with tuberculosis. If the answer in A had saidpneumocystis pneumonia, answer A would have been consistent with the symptomsgiven in the stem, but just saying pneumonia isn’t specific enough to diagnose theproblem. Answers B and D are not directly related to the stem.
45. Answer B is correct. If the client has a history of Prinzmetal’s angina, he should not
be prescribed triptan preparations because they cause vasoconstriction and coronaryspasms. There is no contraindication for taking triptan drugs in clients with diabetes,cancer, or cluster headaches, making answers A, C, and D incorrect.
46. Answer A is correct. Kernig’s sign is positive if pain occurs on flexion of the hip and
knee. The Brudzinski reflex is positive if pain occurs on flexion of the head and neckonto the chest so answer B is incorrect. Answers C and D might be present but arenot related to Kernig’s sign.
47. Answer B is correct. Apraxia is the inability to use objects appropriately. Agnosia is
loss of sensory comprehension, anomia is the inability to find words, and aphasia isthe inability to speak or understand, so answers A, C, and D are incorrect.230 Chapter 3
48. Answer C is correct. Increased confusion at night is known as “sundowning” syn-
drome. This increased confusion occurs when the sun begins to set and continues
during the night. Answer A is incorrect because fatigue is not necessarily present.Increased confusion at night is not part of normal aging; therefore, answer B is incor-rect. A delusion is a firm, fixed belief; therefore, answer D is incorrect.
49. Answer C is correct. The client who is confused might forget that he ate earlier. Don’t
argue with the client. Simply get him something to eat that will satisfy him until lunch.Answers A and D are incorrect because the nurse is dismissing the client. Answer B isvalidating the delusion.
50. Answer D is correct. Nausea and gastrointestinal upset are very common in clients
taking acetylcholinesterase inhibitors such as Exelon. Other side effects include livertoxicity, dizziness, unsteadiness, and clumsiness. The client might already be experi-encing urinary incontinence or headaches, but they are not necessarily associated; andthe client with Alzheimer’s disease is already confused. Therefore, answers A, B, and Care incorrect.
51. Answer B is correct. Any lesion should be reported to the doctor. This can indicate a
herpes lesion. Clients with open lesions related to herpes are delivered by Cesareansection because there is a possibility of transmission of the infection to the fetus withdirect contact to lesions. It is not enough to document the finding, so answer A isincorrect. The physician must make the decision to perform a C-section, makinganswer C incorrect. It is not enough to continue primary care, so answer D is incor-rect.
52. Answer B is correct. The client with HPV is at higher risk for cervical and vaginal can-
cer related to this STI. She is not at higher risk for the other cancers mentioned inanswers A, C, and D, so those are incorrect.
53. Answer B is correct. A lesion that is painful is most likely a herpetic lesion. A chancre
lesion associated with syphilis is not painful, so answer A is incorrect. Condylomatalesions are painless warts, so answer D is incorrect. In answer C, gonorrhea does notpresent as a lesion, but is exhibited by a yellow discharge.
54. Answer C is correct. Fluorescent treponemal antibody (FTA) is the test for treponema
pallidum. VDRL and RPR are screening tests done for syphilis, so answers A and Bare incorrect. The Thayer-Martin culture is done for gonorrhea, so answer D is incor-rect.
55. Answer D is correct. The criteria for HELLP is hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and
low platelet count. In answer A, an elevated blood glucose level is not associated withHELLP . Platelets are decreased, not elevated, in HELLP syndrome, as stated in answerB. The creatinine levels are elevated in renal disease and are not associated withHELLP syndrome, so answer C is incorrect.
56. Answer A is correct. Answer B elicits the triceps reflex, so it is incorrect. Answer C
elicits the patella reflex, making it incorrect. Answer D elicits the radial nerve, so it isincorrect.
57. Answer B is correct. Brethine is used cautiously because it raises the blood glucose
levels. Answers A, C, and D are all medications that are commonly used in the diabeticclient, so they are incorrect.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 231
58. Answer C is correct. When the L/S ratio reaches 2:1, the lungs are considered to be
mature. The infant will most likely be small for gestational age and will not be at risk
for birth trauma, so answer D is incorrect. The L/S ratio does not indicate congenitalanomalies, as stated in answer A, and the infant is not at risk for intrauterine growthretardation, making answer B incorrect.
59. Answer C is correct. Jitteriness is a sign of seizure in the neonate. Crying, wakeful-
ness, and yawning are expected in the newborn, so answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
60. Answer B is correct. The client is expected to become sleepy, have hot flashes, and be
lethargic. A decreasing urinary output, absence of the knee-jerk reflex, and decreasedrespirations indicate toxicity, so answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
61. Answer D is correct. If the client experiences hypotension after an injection of epidural
anesthetic, the nurse should turn her to the left side, apply oxygen by mask, and speedthe IV infusion. If the blood pressure does not return to normal, the physician should becontacted. Epinephrine should be kept for emergency administration. Answer A is incor-rect because placing the client in Trendelenburg position (head down) will allow the anes-thesia to move up above the respiratory center, thereby decreasing the diaphragm’s abilityto move up and down and ventilate the client. In answer B, the IV rate should be in-creased, not decreased. In answer C, the oxygen should be applied by mask, not cannula.
62. Answer A is correct. Cancer of the pancreas frequently leads to severe nausea and
vomiting and altered glucose levels. The other problems are of lesser concern; thus,answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
63. Answer C is correct. Uremic frost is most likely related to liver disease. It is not relat-
ed to anemia, arteriosclerosis, or parathyroid disorders; therefore, A, B, and D areincorrect.
64. Answer B is correct. The vital signs indicate hypovolemic shock. They do not indicate
cerebral tissue perfusion, airway clearance, or sensory perception alterations, soanswers A, C, and D are incorrect.
65. Answer A is correct. The client with osteogenesis imperfecta is at risk for pathological
fractures and is likely to experience these fractures if he participates in contact sports.Answers B, C, and D are not factors for concern.
66. Answer D is correct. The client with neutropenia should not have fresh fruit because it
should be peeled and/or cooked before eating. Any source of bacteria should be elimi-nated, if possible. Answers A, B, and C will not help prevent bacterial invasions.
67. Answer B is correct. The client’s BP is low so increasing the IV is priority. Answers A,
C, and D are not the first priority; therefore, they are incorrect.
68. Answer C is correct. If the client pulls the chest tube out of the chest, the nurse’s first
action should be to cover the insertion site with an occlusive dressing. Afterward, thenurse should call the doctor, who will order a chest x-ray and possibly reinsert thetube. Answers A, B, and D are not the first action to be taken.
69. Answer A is correct. The normal Protime is approximately 12–20 seconds. A Protime
of 120 seconds indicates an extremely prolonged Protime and can result in a sponta-neous bleeding episode. Answers B, C, and D may be needed at a later time but arenot the most important actions to take first.232 Chapter 3
70. Answer C is correct. The food with the most calcium is the yogurt. Answers A, B, and
D are good choices, but not as good as the yogurt, which has approximately 400mg of
calcium.
71. Answer C is correct. The client receiving magnesium sulfate should have a Foley
catheter in place, and hourly intake and output should be checked. Answers A, B, andD are incorrect because they do not indicate understanding of MgSO
4toxicity.
72. Answer D is correct. D is correct because the best size cathlon to use in a child
receiving blood is a 20 gauge. A, B, and C are incorrect because the size is either toolarge or too small.
73. Answer B is correct. The nurse should be most concerned with laryngeal edema
because of the area of burn. The next priority should be answer A, as well as hypona-tremia and hypokalemia in C and D, but these answers are not of primary concern soare incorrect.
74. Answer D is correct. The client with diabetes indicates understanding of his illness by
correctly demonstrating the technique for administration. A, B, and C are incorrectbecause they do not indicate understanding.
75. Answer D is correct. At this time, pain beneath the cast is normal. The client’s fingers
should be warm to the touch, and pulses should be present. Paresthesia is not normaland might indicate compartment syndrome. Therefore, answers A, B, and C are incor-rect.
76. Answer B is correct. Herbals can prolong bleeding times or interfere with antiviral
medications, therefore the client should avoid the use of herbals. A and D are not con-traindicated for the client with AIDS. C is incorrect because there is no need to reportall changes in skin color.
77. Answer D is correct. It is not necessary to wear gloves to check the IV drip rate. The
healthcare workers in answers A, B, and C indicate knowledge by their actions.
78. Answer D is correct. The client that is having ECT is given a sedative. When the blood
pressure cuff is inflated the fingers twitch when he has a grand mal seizure. A, B, andC are incorrect because there is no need for the nurse to take these interventions priorto ECT.
79. Answer A is correct. Pinworms cause rectal itching. B, C, and D are incorrect because
they are not signs of pinworms.
80. Answer B is correct. Bed linen should be washed in hot water. A is incorrect because
special shampoos can be used by children under age 10. Answers C and D are incor-rect statements; therefore, they are wrong.
81. Answer A is correct. The pregnant nurse can care for the client with HIV if she uses
standard precautions. The clients in answers B, C, and D pose a risk to the pregnantnurse.
82. Answer A is correct. The client with MRSA is placed on contact precautions. The
clients in answers B, C, and D pose no risk to themselves or others.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 233
83. Answer D is correct. The doctor could be charged with malpractice, which is failing to
perform, or performing an act that causes harm to the client. Answers A, B, and C are
incorrect because they apply to other wrongful acts. Negligence is failing to performcare for the client; a tort is a wrongful act committed on the client or their belongings;and assault is a violent physical or verbal attack.
84. Answer D is correct. The nursing assistant should not be assigned to administer a
Fleets enema. They can administer a soap suds or tap water enema. The other taskscan be performed by the nursing assistant; therefore, A, B, and C are incorrect.
85. Answer B is correct. The mother is most likely describing a newborn rash. About 30%
of all newborns have a rash on the face and forehead that dissipates in approximatelyone month. A, C, and D are incorrect actions.
86. Answer B is correct. The nurse who is pregnant should not be assigned to the client
with a radium implant. The other nurses are not at risk when caring for this client, soA, C, and D are incorrect.
87. Answer B is correct. The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Hospitals will proba-
bly be interested in the problems in answers A and C. The failure of the nursing assis-tant to care for the client with hepatitis might result in termination, but is not of inter-est to the Joint Commission.
88. Answer B is correct. The next action after discussing the problem with the nurse is to
document the incident by filing a formal reprimand. If the behavior continues or ifharm has resulted to the client, the nurse may be terminated and reported to theBoard of Nursing, but these are not the first actions requested in the stem. A tort is awrongful act to the client or his belongings and is not indicated in this instance.Therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
89. Answer D is correct. The client at highest risk for complications is the client with mul-
tiple sclerosis who is being treated with cortisone via the central line. The clients inanswers A, B, and C are more stable and can be seen later.
90. Answer B is correct. The pregnant client and the client with a broken arm are the best
choices for placing in the same room. The clients in answers A, C, and D need to beplaced in separate rooms due to the serious natures of their injuries.
91. Answer A is correct. Before instilling the eardrops, the nurse should consider the age
of the child because the ear should be pulled down and out to best deliver the drops inthe ear canal. Answers B, C, and D are not considerations when instilling eardrops in asmall child.
92. Answer C is correct. Remember the ABCs (airway, breathing, circulation) when
answering this question. Answer C is correct because a hotdog is the size and shapeof the child’s trachea and poses a risk of aspiration. Answers A, B, and D are incorrectbecause white grape juice, a grilled cheese sandwich, and ice cream do not pose a riskof aspiration for a child.
93. Answer C is correct. A viral load of 200 is extremely low. This indicates that the client
has a low risk for opportunistic illnesses. A, B, and D do not indicate understanding.234 Chapter 3
94. Answer B is correct. Lantus insulin cannot be mixed with other insulins, but can be
taken by the client taking regular insulin. A, C, and D are not correct methods of
administering Lantus insulin with regular insulin.
95. Answer C is correct. Always remember your ABCs (airway, breathing, circulation)
when selecting an answer. A, B, and D are incorrect because they are not the priority.
96. Answer A is correct. The client with glomerulonephritis will probably have hyperten-
sion. B and C are vague answers and are therefore incorrect. D does not directly relateto glomerulonephritis.
97. Answer B is correct. A child with epiglottis has the possibility of complete obstruction
of the airway. For this reason, the nurse should not evaluate the airway using a tongueblade. A, C, and D are allowed actions and are therefore incorrect.
98. Answer C is correct. Exophthalmos (protrusion of eyeballs) often occurs with hyper-
thyroidism. The client with hyperthyroidism will often exhibit tachycardia, increasedappetite, and weight loss; therefore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
99. Answer D is correct. The child with celiac disease should be on a gluten-free diet.
Answers A, B, and C all contain gluten, while answer D gives the only choice of foodsthat does not contain gluten.
100. Answer C is correct. Remember the ABCs (airway, breathing, circulation) when
answering this question. Before notifying the physician or assessing the pulse, oxygenshould be applied to increase the oxygen saturation, so answers A and D are incorrect.The normal oxygen saturation is 92%–100%, making answer B incorrect.
101. Answer B is correct. An amniotomy is an artificial rupture of membranes and normal
amniotic fluid is straw-colored and odorless. A, C, and D are abnormal findings.
102. Answer D is correct. Diabeta is an antidiabetic medication that can result in hypo-
glycemia. A, B, and D are incorrect because they are not related to Diabeta.
103. Answer B is correct. The normal fetal heart rate is 120–160bpm; 100–110bpm is
bradycardia. The first action would be to turn the client to the left side and apply oxy-gen. Answer A is not indicated at this time. Answer C is not the best action for clientsexperiencing bradycardia. There is no data to indicate the need to move the client tothe delivery room at this time.
104. Answer D is correct. Arterial ulcers are painful. A, B, and C are incorrect because they
do not describe arterial ulcers.
105. Answer B is correct. Applying a fetal heart monitor is the correct action at this time.
There is no need to prepare for a Caesarean section or to place the client in GenuPectoral position (knee-chest), so answers A and C are incorrect. Answer D is incor-rect because there is no need for an ultrasound based on the finding.
106. Answer B is correct. The nurse decides to apply an external monitor because the
membranes are intact. Answers A, C, and D are incorrect. The cervix is dilated enoughto use an internal monitor, if necessary. An internal monitor can be applied if the clientis at 0-station. Contraction intensity has no bearing on the application of the fetalmonitor.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 235
107. Answer D is correct. Clients admitted in labor are told not to eat during labor, to avoid
nausea and vomiting. Ice chips may be allowed, but this amount of fluid might not be
sufficient to prevent fluid volume deficit. In answer A, impaired gas exchange relatedto hyperventilation would be indicated during the transition phase. Answers B and Care not correct in relation to the stem.
108. Answer D is correct. This information indicates a late deceleration. This type of decel-
eration is caused by uteroplacental lack of oxygen. Answer A has no relation to thereadings, so it’s incorrect; answer B results in a variable deceleration; and answer C isindicative of an early deceleration.
109. Answer C is correct. The initial action by the nurse observing a late deceleration
should be to turn the client to the side—preferably, the left side. Administering oxygenis also indicated. Answer A might be necessary but not before turning the client to herside. Answer B is not necessary at this time. Answer D is incorrect because there is nodata to indicate that the monitor has been applied incorrectly.
110. Answer D is correct. A deceleration to 90–100bpm at the end of contractions are late
decelerations. This finding is ominous (bad) and should be reported. A, B, and D arenormal findings and are therefore incorrect.
111. Answer C is correct. Epidural anesthesia decreases the urge to void and sensation of
a full bladder. A full bladder will decrease the progression of labor. Answers A, B, andD are incorrect for the stem.
112. Answer B is correct. Lutenizing hormone released by the pituitary is responsible for
ovulation. At about day 14, the continued increase in estrogen stimulates the releaseof lutenizing hormone from the anterior pituitary. The LH surge is responsible for ovu-lation, or the release of the dominant follicle in preparation for conception, whichoccurs within the next 10–12 hours after the LH levels peak. Answers A, C, and D areincorrect because estrogen levels are high at the beginning of ovulation, the endome-trial lining is thick, not thin, and the progesterone levels are high, not low.
113. Answer C is correct. The success of the rhythm method of birth control is dependent
on the client’s menses being regular. It is not dependent on the age of the client, fre-quency of intercourse, or range of the client’s temperature; therefore, answers A, B,and D are incorrect.
114. Answer C is correct. The best method of birth control for the client with diabetes is
the diaphragm. A permanent intrauterine device can cause a continuing inflammatoryresponse in diabetics that should be avoided, oral contraceptives tend to elevate bloodglucose levels, and contraceptive sponges are not good at preventing pregnancy.Therefore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
115. Answer D is correct. The signs of an ectopic pregnancy are vague until the fallopian
tube ruptures. The client will complain of sudden, stabbing pain in the lower quadrantthat radiates down the leg or up into the chest. Painless vaginal bleeding is a sign ofplacenta previa, abdominal cramping is a sign of labor, and throbbing pain in theupper quadrant is not a sign of an ectopic pregnancy, making answers A, B, and Cincorrect.236 Chapter 3
116. Answer C is correct. All of the choices are tasty, but the pregnant client needs a diet
that is balanced and has increased amounts of calcium. Answer A is lacking in fruits
and milk. Answer B contains the potato chips, which contain a large amount of sodi-um. Answer C contains meat, fruit, potato salad, and yogurt, which has about 360mgof calcium. Answer D is not the best diet because it lacks vegetables and milk prod-ucts.
117. Answer B is correct. The client with hyperemesis has persistent nausea and vomiting.
With vomiting comes dehydration. When the client is dehydrated, she will have meta-bolic acidosis. Answers A and C are incorrect because they are respiratory dehydra-tion. Answer D is incorrect because the client will not be in alkalosis with persistentvomiting.
118. Answer B is correct. The most definitive diagnosis of pregnancy is the presence of
fetal heart tones. The signs in answers A, C, and D are subjective and might be relatedto other medical conditions. Answers A and C may be related to a hydatidiform mole,and answer D is often present before menses or with the use of oral contraceptives.
119. Answer C is correct. The infant of a diabetic mother is usually large for gestational
age. After birth, glucose levels fall rapidly due to the absence of glucose from themother. Answer A is incorrect because the infant will not be small for gestational age.Answer B is incorrect because the infant will not be hyperglycemic. Answer D is incor-rect because the infant will be large, not small, and will be hypoglycemic, not hyper-glycemic.
120. Answer B is correct. When the client is taking oral contraceptives and begins antibi-
otics, another method of birth control should be used. Antibiotics decrease the effec-tiveness of oral contraceptives. Approximately 5–10 pounds of weight gain is notunusual, so answer A is incorrect. If the client misses a birth control pill, she shouldbe instructed to take the pill as soon as she remembers the pill. Answer C is incorrect.If she misses two, she should take two; if she misses more than two, she should takethe missed pills but use another method of birth control for the remainder of the cycle.Answer D is incorrect because changes in menstrual flow are expected in clients usingoral contraceptives. Often these clients have lighter menses.
121. Answer B is correct. Clients with HIV should not breastfeed because the infection can
be transmitted to the baby through breast milk. The clients in answers A, C, and D—those with diabetes, hypertension, and thyroid disease—can be allowed to breastfeed.
122. Answer A is correct. The symptoms of painless vaginal bleeding are consistent with
placenta previa. Answers B, C, and D are incorrect. Cervical check for dilation is con-traindicated because this can increase the bleeding. Checking for firmness of theuterus can be done, but the first action should be to check the fetal heart tones. Adetailed history can be done later.
123. Answer D is correct. The client should be advised to come to the labor and delivery
unit when the contractions are every five minutes and consistent. She should also betold to report to the hospital if she experiences rupture of membranes or extremebleeding. She should not wait until the contractions are every two minutes or until shehas bloody discharge, so answers A and B are incorrect. Answer C is a vague answerand can be related to a urinary tract infection.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 237
124. Answer A is correct. Infants of mothers who smoke are often low in birth weight.
Infants who are large for gestational age are associated with diabetic mothers, so
answer B is incorrect. Preterm births are associated with smoking, but not with appro-priate size for gestation, making answer C incorrect. Growth retardation is associatedwith smoking, but this does not affect the infant length; therefore, answer D is incor-rect.
125. Answer A is correct. To provide protection against antibody production, RhoGam
should be given within 72 hours. The answers in B, C, and D are too late to provideantibody protection. RhoGam can also be given during pregnancy.
126. Answer B is correct. When the membranes rupture, there is often a transient drop in
the fetal heart tones. The heart tones should return to baseline quickly. Any alterationin fetal heart tones, such as bradycardia or tachycardia, should be reported. After thefetal heart tones are assessed, the nurse should evaluate the cervical dilation, vitalsigns, and level of discomfort, making answers A, C, and D incorrect.
127. Answer A is correct. The active phase of labor occurs when the client is dilated
4–7cm. The latent or early phase of labor is from 1cm to 3cm in dilation, so answersB and D are incorrect. The transition phase of labor is 8–10cm in dilation, makinganswer C incorrect.
128. Answer B is correct. The infant of an addicted mother will undergo withdrawal. Snugly
wrapping the infant in a blanket will help prevent the muscle irritability that thesebabies often experience. Teaching the mother to provide tactile stimulation or providefor early infant stimulation are incorrect because he is irritable and needs quiet and lit-tle stimulation at this time, so answers A and D are incorrect. Placing the infant in aninfant seat in answer C is incorrect because this will also cause movement that canincrease muscle irritability.
129. Answer C is correct. Following epidural anesthesia, the client should be checked for
hypotension and signs of shock every five minutes for 15 minutes. The client can bechecked for cervical dilation later after she is stable. The client should not be posi-tioned supine because the anesthesia can move above the respiratory center and theclient can stop breathing. Fetal heart tones should be assessed after the blood pres-sure is checked. Therefore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
130. Answer B is correct. The best way to prevent post-operative wound infection is hand
washing. Use of prescribed antibiotics will treat infection, not prevent infections, mak-ing answer A incorrect. Wearing a mask and asking the client to cover her mouth aregood practices but will not prevent wound infections; therefore, answers C and D areincorrect.
131. Answer B is correct. The client with a hip fracture will most likely have disalignment.
Answers A, C, and D are incorrect because all fractures cause pain, and coolness ofthe extremities and absence of pulses are indicative of compartment syndrome orperipheral vascular disease.
132. Answer B is correct. After menopause, women lack hormones necessary to absorb
and utilize calcium. Doing weight-bearing exercises and taking calcium supplementscan help to prevent osteoporosis but are not causes, so answers A and C are incor-rect. Body types that frequently experience osteoporosis are thin Caucasian females,but they are not most likely related to osteoporosis, so answer D is incorrect.238 Chapter 3
133. Answer B is correct. The infant’s hips should be off the bed approximately 15° in
Bryant’s traction. Answer A is incorrect because this does not indicate that the traction
is working correctly, nor does C. Answer D is incorrect because Bryant’s traction is askin traction, not a skeletal traction.
134. Answer A is correct. Balanced skeletal traction uses pins and screws. A Steinman pin
goes through large bones and is used to stabilize large bones such as the femur.Answer B is incorrect because only the affected leg is in traction. Kirschner wires areused to stabilize small bones such as fingers and toes, as in answer C. Answer D isincorrect because this type of traction is not used for fractured hips.
135. Answer A is correct. Bleeding is a common complication of orthopedic surgery. The
blood-collection device should be checked frequently to ensure that the client is nothemorrhaging. The client’s pain should be assessed, but this is not life-threatening.When the client is in less danger, the nutritional status should be assessed and animmobilizer is not used; thus, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
136. Answer A is correct. The client’s family member should be taught to flush the tube
after each feeding and clamp the tube. The placement should be checked before feed-ings, and indigestion can occur with the PEG tube, just as it can occur with any client,so answers B and C are incorrect. Medications can be ordered for indigestion, but it isnot a reason for alarm. A percutaneous endoscopy gastrostomy tube is used forclients who have experienced difficulty swallowing. The tube is inserted directly intothe stomach and does not require swallowing; therefore, answer D is incorrect.
137. Answer C is correct. The client with a total knee replacement should be assessed for
anemia. An hgb of 7 is extremely low and might require a blood transfusion. Scantbleeding on the dressing is not extreme. Circle and date and time the bleeding andmonitor for changes in the client’s status. A low-grade temperature is not unusualafter surgery. Ensure that the client is well hydrated, and recheck the temperature inone hour. Voiding after surgery is also not uncommon and no need for concern; there-fore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
138. Answer B is correct. The parents make stained glass as a hobby. Stained glass is put
together with lead, which can drop on the work area, where the child can consume thelead beads. Answers A, C, and D do not pose a threat to the child.
139. Answer A is correct. The equipment that can help with activities of daily living is the
high-seat commode. The hip should be kept higher than the knee. The recliner is goodbecause it prevents 90° flexion but does not help with daily activities. A TENS(Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulation) unit helps with pain management and anabduction pillow is used to prevent adduction of the hip and possibly dislocation ofthe prosthesis; therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
140. Answer B is correct. Narcan is the antidote for narcotic overdose. If hypoxia occurs,
the client should have oxygen administered by mask, not cannula. There is no data tosupport the administration of blood products or cardio resuscitation, so answers A, C,and D are incorrect.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 239
141. Answer B is correct. The 6-year-old should have a roommate as close to the same
age as possible, so the 12-year-old is the best match. The 10-year-old with sarcoma
has cancer and will be treated with chemotherapy that makes him immune sup-pressed, the 6-year-old with osteomylitis is infected, and the client in answer A is tooold and is female; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
142. Answer B is correct. Cox II inhibitors have been associated with heart attacks and
strokes. Any changes in cardiac status or signs of a stroke should be reported imme-diately, along with any changes in bowel or bladder habits because bleeding has beenlinked to use of Cox II inhibitors. The client does not have to take the medication withmilk, remain upright, or allow six weeks for optimal effect, so answers A, C, and D areincorrect.
143. Answer D is correct. A plaster-of-Paris cast takes 24 hours to dry, and the client
should not bear weight for 24 hours. The cast should be handled with the palms, notthe fingertips, so answer A is incorrect. Petaling a cast is covering the end of the castwith cast batting or a sock, to prevent skin irritation and flaking of the skin under thecast. B is incorrect because petaling the cast is done by the health care provider whoapplied the cast. The client should be told not to dry the cast with a hair dryer becausethis causes hot spots and could burn the client. This also causes unequal drying; thus,answer C is incorrect.
144. Answer A is correct. There is no reason that the client’s friends should not be allowed
to autograph the cast; it will not harm the cast in any way, so answers B, C, and D areincorrect.
145. Answer A is correct. The nurse is performing the pin care correctly when she uses
sterile gloves and Q-tips. Clean gloves are not acceptable. A licensed practical nursecan perform pin care, there is no need to clean the weights; therefore, answers B, C,and D are incorrect.
146. Answer A is correct. A body cast or spica cast extends from the upper abdomen to
the knees or below. Bowel sounds should be checked to ensure that the client is notexperiencing a paralytic ileus. Checking the blood pressure is a treatment for anyclient, offering pain medication is not called for, and checking for swelling isn’t specificto the stem, so answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
147. Answer C is correct. Halo traction will be ordered for the client with a cervical frac-
ture. Russell’s traction is used for bones of the lower extremities, as is Buck’s traction.Cruchfield tongs are used while in the hospital and the client is immobile; therefore,answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
148. Answer B is correct. The controller for the continuous passive-motion device should
be placed away from the client. Many clients complain of pain while having treatmentswith the CPM, so they might turn off the machine. The CPM flexes and extends theleg. The client is in the bed during CPM therapy, so answer A is incorrect. Answer C isincorrect because clients will experience pain with the treatment. Use of the CPM doesnot alleviate the need for physical therapy, as suggested in answer D.240 Chapter 3
149. Answer A is correct. The client’s palms should rest lightly on the handles. The elbows
should be flexed no more than 30° but should not be extended. Answer B is incorrect
because 0° is not a relaxed angle for the elbows and will not facilitate correct walkeruse. The client should walk to the middle of the walker, not to the front of the walker,making answer C incorrect. The client should be taught not to carry the walkerbecause this would not provide stability; thus, answer D is incorrect.
150. Answer C is correct. The client with a prolapsed cord should be treated by elevating
the hips and covering the cord with a moist, sterile saline gauze. The nurse should useher fingers to push up on the presenting part until a Cesarean section can be per-formed. Answers A, B, and D are incorrect. The nurse should not attempt to replacethe cord, turn the client on the side, or cover with a dry gauze.
151. Answer B is correct. Chest tubes work to reinflate the lung and drain serous fluid. The
tube does not equalize expansion of the lungs. Pain is associated with collapse of thelung, and insertion of chest tubes is painful, so answers A and C are incorrect. AnswerD is true, but this is not the primary rationale for performing chest tube insertion.
152. Answer D is correct. Success with breastfeeding depends on many factors, but the
most dependable reason for success is desire and willingness to continue the breast-feeding until the infant and mother have time to adapt. The educational level, theinfant’s birth weight, and the size of the mother’s breast have nothing to do with suc-cess, so answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
153. Answer C is correct. Green-tinged amniotic fluid is indicative of meconium staining.
This finding indicates fetal distress. The presence of scant bloody discharge is normal,as are frequent urination and moderate uterine contractions, making answers A, B, andD incorrect.
154. Answer C is correct. Duration is measured from the beginning of one contraction to
the end of the same contraction. Answer A refers to frequency. Answer B is incorrectbecause we do not measure from the end of one contraction to the beginning of thenext contraction. Duration is not measured from the peak of the contraction to theend, as stated in answer D.
155. Answer B is correct. The client receiving Pitocin should be monitored for decelera-
tions. There is no association with Pitocin use and hypoglycemia, maternal hyper-reflexia, or fetal movement; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
156. Answer D is correct. Fetal development depends on adequate nutrition and insulin
regulation. Insulin needs increase during the second and third trimesters, insulinrequirements do not moderate as the pregnancy progresses, and elevated humanchorionic gonadotrophin elevates insulin needs, not decreases them; therefore,answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
157. Answer A is correct. A calm environment is needed to prevent seizure activity. Any
stimulation can precipitate seizures. Obtaining a diet history should be done later, andadministering an analgesic is not indicated because there is no data in the stem toindicate pain. Therefore, answers B and C are incorrect. Assessing the fetal heart tonesis important, but this is not the highest priority in this situation as stated in answer D.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 241
158. Answer A is correct. The client who is age 42 is at risk for fetal anomalies such as
Down syndrome and other chromosomal aberrations. Answers B, C, and D are incor-
rect because the client is not at higher risk for respiratory distress syndrome or patho-logical jaundice, and Turner’s syndrome is a genetic disorder.
159. Answer C is correct. The client with a missed abortion will have induction of labor.
Prostin E. is a form of prostaglandin used to soften the cervix. Magnesium sulfate isused for preterm labor and preeclampsia, calcium gluconate is the antidote for magne-sium sulfate, and Parlodel is a dopamine receptor stimulant used to treat Parkinson’sdisease; therefore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect. Parlodel was used at one time todry breast milk.
160. Answer A is correct. The client’s blood pressure and urinary output are within normal
limits. The only alteration from normal is the decreased deep tendon reflexes. Thenurse should continue to monitor the blood pressure and check the magnesium level.The therapeutic level is 4.0–8.0mg/dL. Answers B, C, and D are incorrect becausethere is no need to stop the infusion at this time or slow the rate. Calcium gluconate isthe antidote for magnesium sulfate, but there is no data to indicate toxicity.
161. Answer C is correct. Autosomal recessive disorders can be passed from the parents
to the infant. If both parents pass the trait, the child will get two abnormal genes andthe disease results. Parents can also pass the trait to the infant. Answer A is incorrectbecause, to have an affected newborn, the parents must be carriers. Answer B isincorrect because both parents must be carriers. Answer D is incorrect because theparents might have affected children.
162. Answer D is correct. Alpha fetoprotein is a screening test done to detect neural tube
defects such as spina bifida. The test is not mandatory, as stated in answer A. It doesnot indicate cardiovascular defects, and the mother’s age has no bearing on the needfor the test, so answers B and C are incorrect.
163. Answer B is correct. During pregnancy, the thyroid gland triples in size. This makes it
more difficult to regulate thyroid medication. Answer A is incorrect because therecould be a need for thyroid medication during pregnancy. Answer C is incorrectbecause the thyroid function does not slow. Fetal growth is not arrested if thyroidmedication is continued, so answer D is incorrect.
164. Answer C is correct. Cyanosis of the feet and hands is acrocyanosis. This is a normal
finding one minute after birth. An apical pulse should be 120–160, and the babyshould have muscle tone, making answers A and B incorrect. Jaundice immediatelyafter birth is pathological jaundice and is abnormal, so answer D is incorrect.
165. Answer A is correct. Clients with sickle cell crises are treated with heat, hydration,
oxygen, and pain relief. Fluids are increased, not decreased. Blood transfusions areusually not required, and the client can be delivered vaginally; thus, answers B, C, andD are incorrect.
166. Answer A is correct. Before ultrasonography, the client should be taught to drink plenty
of fluids and not void. The client may ambulate, an enema is not needed, and there isno need to withhold food for eight hours. Therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
167. Answer D is correct. By one year of age, the infant is expected to triple his birth
weight. Answers A, B, and C are incorrect because they are too low.242 Chapter 3
168. Answer B is correct. A nonstress test is done to evaluate periodic movement of the
fetus. It is not done to evaluate lung maturity as in answer A. An oxytocin challenge
test shows the effect of contractions on fetal heart rate and a nonstress test does notmeasure neurological well-being of the fetus, so answers C and D are incorrect.
169. Answer D is correct. Hypospadias is a condition in which there is an opening on the
under side of the penis. Answers A, B, and C do not describe hypospadias; therefore,they are incorrect.
170. Answer A is correct. Transition is the time during labor when the client loses concen-
tration due to intense contractions. Potential for injury related to precipitate deliveryhas nothing to do with the dilation of the cervix, so answer B is incorrect. There is nodata to indicate that the client has had anesthesia or fluid volume deficit, makinganswers C and D incorrect.
171. Answer C is correct. Varicella is chicken pox. This herpes virus is treated with antiviral
medications. The client is not treated with antibiotics or anticoagulants, as stated inanswers A and D. The client might have a fever before the rash appears, but when therash appears, the temperature is usually gone, so answer B is incorrect.
172. Answer B is correct. Clients with chest pain can be treated with nitroglycerin, a beta
blocker such as propranolol, or Verapamil. There is no indication for an antibiotic suchas Ampicillin, so answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
173. Answer B is correct. Anti-inflammatory drugs should be taken with meals to avoid
stomach upset. Answers A, C, and D are incorrect. Clients with rheumatoid arthritisshould exercise, but not to the point of pain. Alternating hot and cold is not necessary,especially because warm, moist soaks are more useful in decreasing pain. Weight-bearing activities such as walking are useful but is not the best answer for the stem.
174. Answer D is correct. Morphine is contraindicated in clients with gallbladder disease
and pancreatitis because morphine causes spasms of the Sphincter of Oddi.Meperidine, Mylanta, and Cimetadine are ordered for pancreatitis, making answers A,B, and C incorrect.
175. Answer B is correct. Hallucinogenic drugs can cause hallucinations. Continuous
observation is ordered to prevent the client from harming himself during withdrawal.Answers A, C, and D are incorrect because hallucinogenic drugs don’t create bothstimulant and depressant effects or produce severe respiratory depression. However,they do produce psychological dependence rather than physical dependence.
176. Answer B is correct. Barbiturates create a sedative effect. When the client stops taking
barbiturates, he will experience tachycardia, diarrhea, and tachypnea. Answer A isincorrect even though depression and suicidal ideation go along with barbiturate use;it is not the priority. Muscle cramps and abdominal pain are vague symptoms thatcould be associated with other problems. Tachycardia is associated with stopping bar-biturates, but euphoria is not.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 243
177. Answer A is correct. If the fetal heart tones are heard in the right upper abdomen, the
infant is in a breech presentation. If the infant is positioned in the right occipital anteri-
or presentation, the FHTs will be located in the right lower quadrant, so answer B isincorrect. If the fetus is in the sacral position, the FHTs will be located in the center ofthe abdomen, so answer C is incorrect. If the FHTs are heard in the left lowerabdomen, the infant is most likely in the left occipital transverse position, makinganswer D incorrect.
178. Answer D is correct. Asthma is the presence of bronchiolar spasms. This spasm can
be brought on by allergies or anxiety. Answer A is incorrect because the primary phys-iological alteration is not inflammation. Answer B is incorrect because there is the pro-duction of abnormally viscous mucus, not a primary alteration. Answer C is incorrectbecause infection is not primary to asthma.
179. Answer A is correct. The client with mania is seldom sitting long enough to eat and
burns many calories for energy. Answer B is incorrect because the client should betreated the same as other clients. Small meals are not a correct option for this client.Allowing her into the kitchen gives her privileges that other clients do not have andshould not be allowed, so answer D is incorrect.
180. Answer B is correct. Bryant’s traction is used for fractured femurs and dislocated
hips. The hips should be elevated approximately 15° off the bed. Answer A is incorrectbecause the hips should not be resting on the bed. Answer C is incorrect because thehips should not be above the level of the body. Answer D is incorrect because the hipsand legs should not be flat on the bed.
181. Answer B is correct. Herpes zoster is shingles. Clients with shingles should be placed
in contact precautions. Wearing gloves during care will prevent transmission of thevirus. Covering the lesions with a sterile gauze is not necessary, antibiotics are notprescribed for herpes zoster, and oxygen is not necessary for shingles; therefore,answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
182. Answer B is correct. The lab should be contacted in order to allow time for the per-
sonnel to arrive and draw the trough level. The maximum amount of time prior to thisdose is thirty minutes. If possible, the trough should be drawn five minutes prior tothe third or fourth dose. The times in answers A, C, and D are incorrect times to drawblood levels.
183. Answer B is correct. The client using a diaphragm should keep the diaphragm in a
cool location. Answers A, C, and D are incorrect. She should refrain from leaving thediaphragm in longer than eight hours, not four hours. She should have the diaphragmresized when she gains or loses 10 pounds or has abdominal surgery.
184. Answer C is correct. Mothers who plan to breastfeed should drink plenty of liquids,
and four glasses is not enough in a 24-hour period. Wearing a support bra is a goodpractice for the mother who is breastfeeding as well as the mother who plans to bottle-feed, so answer A is incorrect. Expressing milk from the breast will stimulatemilk production, making answer B incorrect. Allowing the water to run over the breastwill also facilitate “letdown,” when the milk begins to be produced; thus, answer D isincorrect.
185. Answer A is correct. The facial nerve is cranial nerve VII. If damage occurs, the client
will experience facial pain. The auditory nerve is responsible for hearing loss and tinni-tus, eye movement is controlled by the Trochlear or C IV, and the olfactory nerve con-trols smell; therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.244 Chapter 3
186. Answer B is correct. Clients taking Pyridium should be taught that the medication will
turn the urine orange or red. It is not associated with diarrhea, mental confusion, or
changes in taste; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect. Pyridium can alsocause a yellowish color to skin and sclera if taken in large doses.
187. Answer B is correct. Accutane is contraindicated for use by pregnant clients because
it causes teratogenic effects. Calcium levels, apical pulse, and creatinine levels are notnecessary; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
188. Answer D is correct. Clients taking Acyclovir should be encouraged to drink plenty of
fluids because renal impairment can occur. Limiting activity is not necessary, nor iseating a high-carbohydrate diet. Use of an incentive spirometer is not specific toclients taking Acyclovir; therefore, answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
189. Answer A is correct. Clients who are pregnant should not have a CAT because
radioactive isotopes are used. However, clients with a titanium hip replacement canhave an MRI or CAT scan so answer B is incorrect. No antibiotics are used with thistest and the client should remain still only when instructed, so answers C and D arenot specific to this test.
190. Answer D is correct. Clients taking Amphotericin B should be monitored for liver,
renal, and bone marrow function because this drug is toxic to the kidneys and liver,and causes bone marrow suppression. Jaundice is a sign of liver toxicity and is notspecific to the use of Amphotericin B. Changes in vision are not related, and nausea isa side effect, not a sign of toxicity; nor is urinary frequency. Thus, answers A, B, and Care incorrect.
191. Answer C is correct. The client with chest pain should be seen first because this could
indicate a myocardial infarction. The client in answer A has a blood glucose withinnormal limits. The client in answer B is maintained on blood pressure medication. Theclient in answer D is in no distress.
192. Answer B is correct. Pancreatic enzymes should be given with meals for optimal
effects. These enzymes assist the body in digesting needed nutrients. Answers A, C,and D are incorrect methods of administering pancreatic enzymes.
193. Answer C is correct. The lens allows light to pass through the pupil and focus light on
the retina. The lens does not stimulate the retina, assist with eye movement, or magni-fy small objects, so answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
194. Answer C is correct. Miotic eyedrops constrict the pupil and allow aqueous humor to
drain out of the Canal of Schlemm. They do not anesthetize the cornea, dilate thepupil, or paralyze the muscles of the eye, making answers A, B, and D incorrect.
195. Answer A is correct. When using eyedrops, allow five minutes between the two med-
ications; therefore, answer B is incorrect. These medications can be used by the sameclient but it is not necessary to use a cyclopegic with these medications, makinganswers C and D incorrect.
196. Answer B is correct. Clients with color blindness will most likely have problems dis-
tinguishing violets, blues, and green. The colors in answers A, C, and D are less com-monly affected.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 245
197. Answer D is correct. The client with a pacemaker should be taught to count and
record his pulse rate. Answers A, B, and C are incorrect. Ankle edema is a sign of
right-sided congestive heart failure. Although this is not normal, it is often present inclients with heart disease. If the edema is present in the hands and face, it should bereported. Checking the blood pressure daily is not necessary for these clients. Theclient with a pacemaker can use a microwave oven, but he should stand about five feetfrom the oven while it is operating.
198. Answer A is correct. Clients who are being retrained for bladder control should be
taught to withhold fluids after about 7 p.m., or 1900. The times in answers B, C, and Dare too early in the day.
199. Answer D is correct. Cranberry juice is more alkaline and, when metabolized by the
body, is excreted with acidic urine. Bacteria does not grow freely in acidic urine.Increasing intake of meats is not associated with urinary tract infections, so answer Ais incorrect. The client does not have to avoid citrus fruits and pericare should bedone, but hydrogen peroxide is drying, so answers B and C are incorrect.
200. Answer C is correct. NPH insulin peaks in 8–12 hours, so a snack should be offered
at that time. NPH insulin onsets in 90–120 minutes, so answer A is incorrect. AnswerB is untrue because NPH insulin is time released and does not usually cause suddenhypoglycemia. Answer D is incorrect, but the client should eat a bedtime snack.
201. Answer D is correct. Methotrexate is a folic acid antagonist. Leucovorin is the drug
given for toxicity to this drug. It is not used to treat iron-deficiency anemia, create asynergistic effects, or increase the number of circulating neutrophils. Therefore,answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
202. Answer B is correct. The client who is allergic to dogs, eggs, rabbits, and chicken
feathers is most likely allergic to the rubella vaccine. The client who is allergic toneomycin is also at risk. There is no danger to the client if he has an order for a TBskin test, ELISA test, or chest x-ray; thus, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
203. Answer B is correct. Zantac (rantidine) is a histamine blocker that should be given
with meals for optimal effect, not before meals. However, Tagamet (cimetidine) is ahistamine blocker that can be given in one dose at bedtime. Neither of these drugsshould be given before or after meals, so answers A and D are incorrect.
204. Answer C is correct. The proximal end of the double-barrel colostomy is the end
toward the small intestines. This end is on the client’s right side. The distal end, as inanswers A, B, and D, is on the client’s left side.
205. Answer A is correct. If the nurse checks the fundus and finds it to be displaced to the
right or left, this is an indication of a full bladder. This finding is not associated withhypotension or clots, as stated in answer B. Oxytoxic drugs (Pitocin) are drugs usedto contract the uterus, so answer C is incorrect. It has nothing to do with displacementof the uterus. Answer D is incorrect because displacement is associated with a fullbladder, not vaginal bleeding.246 Chapter 3
206. Answer C is correct. Clients with an internal defibrillator or a pacemaker should not
have an MRI because it can cause dysrhythmias in the client with a pacemaker. If the
client has a need for oxygen, is claustrophobic, or is deaf, he can have an MRI, butprovisions such as extension tubes for the oxygen, sedatives, or a signal systemshould be made to accommodate these problems. Therefore, answers A, B, and D areincorrect.
207. Answer C is correct. A six-month-old is too old for the colorful mobile. He is too
young to play with the electronic game or the 30-piece jigsaw puzzle. The best toy forthis age is the cars in a plastic container, so answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
208. Answer C is correct. The client with polio has muscle weakness. Periods of rest
throughout the day will conserve the client’s energy. A hot bath can cause burns; how-ever, a warm bath would be helpful, so answer A is incorrect. Strenuous exercises arenot advisable, making answer B incorrect. Visual disturbances that are directly associ-ated with polio cannot be corrected with glasses; therefore, answer D is incorrect.
209. Answer B is correct. The client with a protoepisiotomy will need stool softeners such
as docusate sodium. Suppositories are given only with an order from the doctor,Methergine is a drug used to contract the uterus, and Parlodel is an anti-Parkinsoniandrug; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
210. Answer C is correct. Total Parenteral Nutrition is a high-glucose solution. This therapy
often causes the glucose levels to be elevated. Because this is a common complica-tion, insulin might be ordered. Answers A, B, and D are incorrect. TPN is used to treatnegative nitrogen balance; it will not lead to negative nitrogen balance. Total ParenteralNutrition can be managed with oral hypoglycemic drugs, but it is difficult to do so.Total Parenteral Nutrition will not lead to further pancreatic disease.
211. Answer B is correct. The client who is 10 weeks pregnant should be assessed to
determine how she feels about the pregnancy. It is too early to discuss preterm labor,too late to discuss whether she was using a method of birth control, and after theclient delivers, a discussion of future children should be instituted. Thus, answers A,C, and D are incorrect.
212. Answer A is correct. The best IV fluid for correction of dehydration is normal saline
because it is most like normal serum. Dextrose pulls fluid from the cell, lactatedRinger’s contains more electrolytes than the client’s serum, and dextrose with normalsaline will also alter the intracellular fluid. Therefore, answers B, C, and D are incor-rect.
213. Answer A is correct. A thyroid scan uses a dye, so the client should be assessed for
allergies to iodine. The client will not have a bolus of fluid, will not be asleep, and willnot have a urinary catheter inserted, so answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
214. Answer B is correct. RhoGam is used to prevent formation of Rh antibodies. It does
not provide immunity to Rh isoenzymes, eliminate circulating Rh antibodies, or con-vert the Rh factor from negative to positive; thus, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
215. Answer B is correct. A client with a fractured foot often has a short leg cast applied to
stabilize the fracture. A spica cast is used to stabilize a fractured pelvis or vertebralfracture. Kirschner wires are used to stabilize small bones such as toes and the clientwill most likely have a cast or immobilizer, so answers A, C, and D are incorrect.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 247
216. Answer A is correct. Iridium seeds can be expelled during urination, so the client
should be taught to strain his urine and report to the doctor if any of the seeds are
expelled. Increasing fluids, reporting urinary frequency, and avoiding prolonged sittingare not necessary; therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
217. Answer C is correct. Immunosuppressants are used to prevent antibody formation.
Antivirals, antibiotics, and analgesics are not used to prevent antibody production, soanswers A, B, and D are incorrect.
218. Answer A is correct. Before cataract removal, the client will have Mydriatic drops
instilled to dilate the pupil. This will facilitate removal of the lens. Miotics constrict thepupil and are not used in cataract clients. A laser is not used to smooth and reshapethe lens; the diseased lens is removed. Silicone oil is not injected in this client; thus,answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
219. Answer C is correct. Placing simple signs that indicate the location of rooms where
the client sleeps, eats, and bathes will help the client be more independent. Providingmirrors and pictures is not recommended with the client who has Alzheimer’s diseasebecause mirrors and pictures tend to cause agitation, and alternating healthcare work-ers confuses the client; therefore, answers A, B, and D are incorrect.
220. Answer C is correct. A Jackson-Pratt drain is a serum-collection device commonly
used in abdominal surgery. A Jackson-Pratt drain will not prevent the need for dress-ing changes, reduce edema of the incision, or keep the common bile duct open, soanswers A, B, and D are incorrect. A t-tube is used to keep the common bile ductopen.
221. Answer C is correct. The infant who is 32 weeks gestation will not be able to control
his head, so head lag will be present. Mongolian spots are common in AfricanAmerican infants, not Caucasian infants; the client at 32 weeks will have scrotal rugaeor redness. There is no alteration in the amount of amniotic fluid; therefore, answersA, B, and D are incorrect.
222. Answer A is correct. Hematuria in a client with a pelvic fracture can indicate trauma to
the bladder or impending bleeding disorders. It is not unusual for the client to com-plain of muscles spasms with multiple fractures, so answer B is incorrect. Dizzinesscan be associated with blood loss and is nonspecific, making answer C incorrect.Nausea, as stated in answer D, is also common in the client with multiple traumas.
223. Answer C is correct. The client’s statement “They are trying to kill me” indicates para-
noid delusions. There is no data to indicate that the client is hearing voices or is intox-icated, so answers A and D are incorrect. Delusions of grandeur are fixed beliefs thatthe client is superior or perhaps a famous person, making answer B incorrect.
224. Answer B is correct. Because the nurse is unaware of when the bottle was opened or
whether the saline is sterile, it is safest to obtain a new bottle. Answers A, C, and D arenot safe practices.
225. Answer C is correct. Infants with an Apgar of 9 at five minutes most likely have acry-
ocyanosis, a normal physiologic adaptation to birth. It is not related to the infant beinghypothermic, experiencing bradycardia, or being lethargic; thus, answers A, B, and Dare incorrect.248 Chapter 3
226. Answer A is correct. Rapid continuous rewarming of a frostbite primarily lessens cel-
lular damage. It does not prevent formation of blisters. It does promote movement,
but this is not the primary reason for rapid rewarming. It might increase pain for ashort period of time as the feeling comes back into the extremity; therefore, answersB, C, and D are incorrect.
227. Answer D is correct. Hemodialysis works by using a dialyzing membrane to filter
waste that has accumulated in the blood. It does not pass water through a dialyzingmembrane nor does it eliminate plasma proteins or lower the pH, so answers A, B,and C are incorrect.
228. Answer B is correct. The client who is immune-suppressed and is exposed to measles
should be treated with medications to boost his immunity to the virus. An antibiotic orantiviral will not protect the client and it is too late to place the client in isolation, soanswers A, C, and D are incorrect.
229. Answer D is correct. The client with MRSA should be placed in isolation. Gloves, a
gown, and a mask should be used when caring for the client and hand washing is veryimportant. The door should remain closed, but a negative-pressure room is not neces-sary, so answers A and B are incorrect. MRSA is spread by contact with blood or bodyfluid or by touching the skin of the client. It is cultured from the nasal passages of theclient, so the client should be instructed to cover his nose and mouth when hesneezes or coughs. It is not necessary for the client to wear the mask at all times; thenurse should wear the mask, so answer C is incorrect.
230. Answer B is correct. Pain related to phantom limb syndrome is due to peripheral
nervous system interruption. Answer A is incorrect because phantom limb pain canlast several months or indefinitely. Answer C is incorrect because it is not psychologi-cal. It is also not due to infections, as stated in answer D.
231. Answer A is correct. During a Whipple procedure, the head of the pancreas, which is
a part of the stomach, the jejunum, and a portion of the stomach are removed andreanastomosed. Answer B is incorrect because the proximal third of the small intestineis not removed. The entire stomach is not removed, as in answer C, and in answer D,the esophagus is not removed.
232. Answer C is correct. Pepper is not processed and contains bacteria. Answers A, B,
and D are incorrect because fruits should be cooked or washed and peeled, and saltand ketchup are allowed.
233. Answer A is correct. Coumadin is an anticoagulant. One of the tests for bleeding time
is a Protime. This test should be done monthly. Eating more fruits and vegetables isnot necessary, and dark-green vegetables contain vitamin K, which increases clotting,so answer B is incorrect. Drinking more liquids and avoiding crowds is not necessary,so answers C and D are incorrect.
234. Answer A is correct. The client who is having a central venous catheter removed
should be told to hold his breath and bear down. This prevents air from entering theline. Answers B, C, and D will not facilitate removal.Practice Exam 3 and Rationales 249
235. Answer B is correct. Clients with a history of streptococcal infections could have anti-
bodies that render the streptokinase ineffective. There is no reason to assess the client
for allergies to pineapples or bananas, there is no correlation to the use of phenytoinand streptokinase, and a history of alcohol abuse is also not a factor in the order forstreptokinase; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
236. Answer B is correct. The client who is immune-suppressed and has bone marrow
suppression should be taught not to floss his teeth because platelets are decreased.Using oils and cream-based soaps is allowed, as is eating salt and using an electricrazor; therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
237. Answer A is correct. The best method and safest way to change the ties of a tra-
cheotomy is to apply the new ones before removing the old ones. B is incorrectbecause having a helper is good, but the helper might not prevent the client fromcoughing out the tracheotomy. Answer C is not the best way to prevent the client fromcoughing out the tracheotomy. D is incorrect because asking the doctor to suture thetracheotomy in place is not appropriate.
238. Answer D is correct. The output of 300mL is indicative of hemorrhage and should be
reported immediately. Answer A does nothing to help the client. Milking the tube isdone only with an order and will not help in this situation, and slowing the intravenousinfusion is not correct; thus, answers B and C are incorrect.
239. Answer A is correct. The infant with tetralogy of Fallot has four heart defects. He will
be treated with digoxin to slow and strengthen the heart. Epinephrine, aminophyline,and atropine will speed the heart rate and are not used in this client; therefore,answers B, C, and D are incorrect.
240. The correct answer is marked by an X in the diagram. The Tail of Spence is located
in the upper outer quadrant of the breast.
x
241. Answer A is correct. The toddler with a ventricular septal defect will tire easily. He will
not grow normally but will not need more calories. He will be susceptible to bacterialinfection, but he will be no more susceptible to viral infections than other children.Therefore, answers B, C, and D are incorrect.250 Chapter 3
242. Answer B is correct. A nonstress test determines periodic movement of the fetus. It
does not determine lung maturity, show contractions, or measure neurological well-
being, making answers A, C, and D incorrect.
243. Answer C is correct. The monitor indicates variable decelerations caused by cord com-
pression. If Pitocin is infusing, the nurse should turn off the Pitocin. Instructing theclient to push is incorrect because pushing could increase the decelerations and becausethe client is 8cm dilated, making answer A incorrect. Performing a vaginal exam shouldbe done after turning off the Pitocin, and placing the client in a semi-Fowler’s position isnot appropriate for this situation; therefore, answers B and D are incorrect.
244. Answer C is correct. The graph indicates ventricular tachycardia. The answers in A, B,
and D are not noted on the ECG strip.
245. Answer B is correct. Lovenox injections should be given in the abdomen, not in the
deltoid muscle. The client should not aspirate after the injection or clear the air fromthe syringe before injection. Therefore, answers A, C, and D are incorrect.
246. Answer B is correct. Valium is not given in the same syringe with other medications,
so answer A is incorrect. These medications can be given to the same client, so answerD is incorrect. In answer C, it is not necessary to wait to inject the second medication.Valium is an antianxiety medication, and Phenergan is used as an antiemetic.
247. Answer B is correct. Voiding every three hours prevents stagnant urine from collecting
in the bladder, where bacteria can grow. Douching is not recommended and obtaininga urinalysis monthly is not necessary, making answers A and C incorrect. The clientshould practice wiping from front to back after voiding and bowel movements, soanswer D is incorrect.
248. Answer C is correct. Of these clients, the one who should be assigned to the care of
the nursing assistant is the client with dementia. Only an RN or the physician can placethe client in seclusion, so answer A is incorrect. The nurse should empty the Foleycatheter of the preeclamptic client because the client is unstable, making answer Bincorrect. A nurse or physical therapist should ambulate the client with a fractured hip,so answer D is incorrect.
249. Answer A is correct. The client who has recently had a thyroidectomy is at risk for tra-
cheal edema. A padded tongue blade is used for seizures and not for the client with tra-cheal edema, so answer B is incorrect. If the client experiences tracheal edema, the endo-tracheal tube or airway will not correct the problem, so answers C and D are incorrect.
250. Answer D is correct. Histoplasmosis is a fungus carried by birds. It is not transmitted
to humans by cats, dogs, or turtles. Therefore, answers A, B, and C are incorrect.
