Nurse Achieve  
Interactive Simulations  
 
 
*titles  highlighted in blue are rooted directly in the 6 Clinical Judgement Model steps  
  Applicability  
Simulation Title * NCLEX -RN NCLEX -PN REx-PN 
Acid/Base Imbalance  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Appendicitis  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Cardiac Arrhythmias  ✔   
Chronic Kidney Disease  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Cirrhosis  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Compartment Syndrome  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Diabetic Ketoacidosis  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Electrolyte Imbalances  ✔   
Hip Fracture  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Increased Intracranial Pressure  ✔ ✔  
Mental Health: Therapeutic Communication  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Pediatric Dehydration  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Postpartum Hemorrhage  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Pneumonia  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Pressure Ulcers  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Sexually Transmitted Infections  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Sickle Cell Anemia  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
Transfusion Reaction  ✔  ✔ 
Urinary Tract Infection  ✔ ✔ ✔ 
-1- 
 
NCLEX® is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.     
NurseAchieve is a registered trademark of NurseAchieve, Inc.  
Copyright © NurseAchieve, Inc.  Nurse Achieve  
www.nurseachieve.com  
CHAPTERS  INCLUDED  IN THE  NURSEACHIEVE  
COMPREHENSIVE NCLEX® REVIEW  
NCLEX TEST  STRATEGIES:  
• NCLEX  EXAM  OVERVIEW  
• TEST  TAKING  STRATEGIES  
NURSING  SKILLS   AND  FUNDAMENTALS:    
• ADMINISTRATION  OF BLOOD  PRODUCTS  AND  LABORATORY  VALUES  
• AMPUTATION  
• CARE  OF A CLIENT  WITH  A TUBE  
• CLIENT  POSITIONING  
• COMPLEMENTARY  ALTERNATIVE  MEDICINE  
• DOCUMENTATION  AND   INFORMATICS  
• FAMILY  DYNAMICS  
• NURSING  DIAGNOSES  
• PHYSICAL  ASSESSMENT    
• ROLE MANAGEMENT,  PRIORITIZATION,  DELEGATION,  EDUCATION    
• STANDARD  PRECAUTIONS  
AUTO -IMMUNE AND  INFLAMMATORY  DISORDERS:   
• AUTOIMMUNE  DISEASES  
• APPENDICITIS  
• CHOLECY STITIS  
• CYSTITIS  
• DIVERTICULITIS  
• GUILLAIN -BARR É SYNDROME  
• INFLAMMATORY  DISEASES  OF THE EAR  
CARDIOVASCULAR DISORDERS:    
• ANGINA  
• ATRIAL  FIBRILLATION  
• CARDIOMYOPATHY  
-2- 
 
NCLEX® is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.     
NurseAchieve is a registered trademark of NurseAchieve, Inc.  
Copyright © NurseAchieve, Inc.  • CARDIOPULMONARY  RESUSCITATION  
• ELECTROCARDIOGRAM  BASICS  
• HEART  FAILURE  
• HYPERTENSION  
• INFLAMMATORY  DISEASES  OF THE HEART  
• MYOCARDIAL  INFARCTION    
• PERIPHERAL  VASCULAR  DISEASE  
• PULMONARY  EMBOLISM  AND  PLEURAL  EFFUSION  
• STROKE  
• TAMPONADE   
CANCER:  
• CANCER  OVERVIEW  
• FEMALE  REPRODUCTIVE  CANCERS  
• GASTRO -INTESTINAL  CANCER  
• HEMATOLOGICAL  CANCERS    
• LARGE  ORGAN    CANCER    
• MALE  REPRODUCTIVE  CANCERS    
   
DERMATOLOGY:  
• BURNS  
• DERMATITIS -CELLULITIS  
• PRESSURE  ULCERS  
• SKIN  CONDITIONS  
 
ENDOCRINE DISORDERS:    
• ADDISON'S  DISEASE  
• DIABETES  MELLITUS    
• HORMONE  REGULATION  
• HYPERTHYROIDISM  
• HYPOTHYROIDISM  
• NUTRITIONAL  DISORDERS  AND  METABOLIC  SYNDROME PARATHYROID  
DISORDERS    
ELECTROLYTE  DISORDERS:    
• ACID  BASE  IV THERAPY    
• ELECTROLYTE  IMBALANCES  
• FLUIDS  AND  ELECTROLYTES  
-3- 
 
NCLEX® is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.     
NurseAchieve is a registered trademark of NurseAchieve, Inc.  
Copyright © NurseAchieve, Inc.  EYE DISORDERS:  
• EYE,  EAR,  NOSE,  THROAT  & UPPER  AIRWAY VISION  DISORDERS     
GASTROINTESTINAL DISORDERS:  
• GASTROESOPHAGEAL  REFLUX  DISEAS (GERD)  
• PEPTIC ULCER  DISEASE  AND GASTRITIS   
INFECTIOUS DI SEASES:  
• HEPATITIS  
• HUMAN  IMMUNODEFICIENCY  VIRUS  (HIV)  
• IMMUNODEFICIENCY  
• LYME  DISEASE  
• MENINGITIS  
• PNEUMONIA  
• SEVERE  ACUTE  RESPIRATORY  SYNDROME  (SARS)  
• SEXUALLY  TRANSMITTED  INFECTIONS  
• TUBERCULOSIS  
• ULCERATIVE  COLITIS   
MATERNAL  HEALTH:    
• ANTEPARTUM  
• INTRA -PARTUM  
• POST -PARTUM  
MEDICAL -SURGICAL CARE:    
• POSTOPERATIVE  SURGICAL  EMERGENCIES  AND  COMPLICATIONS  
• PRE/POST  OPERATIVE  CARE  
• SHOCK  MANAGEMENT  - EMERGENCY  CARE   
MENTAL HEALTH:    
• ALZHEIMER'S  DISEASE  
• ANXIETY  DISORDERS  
• BIPOLAR -PERSONALITY  DISORDERS  
• COGNITIVE  IMPAIRMENTS  ATTENTION  DISORDERS  
• EATING  DISORDERS    
• MENTAL  HEALTH  THERAPEUTIC  REALATIONSHIPS  
• SCHIZOPHRENIA  
• SUBSTANCE  ABUSE  
-4- 
 
NCLEX® is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.     
NurseAchieve is a registered trademark of NurseAchieve, Inc.  
Copyright © NurseAchieve, Inc.  MUSCULOSKELETAL DISORDERS:    
• CONNECTIVE  TISSUE  DISORDERS  
• FRACTURES  
• MULTIPLE  SCLEROSIS  
• MUSCULOSKELETAL  CONDITIONS  
  
NEUROLOGY:  
• CEREBRAL  ANEURYSMS  
• DELIRIUM,  DEPRESSION  AND  DEMENTIA  
• INCREASED  INTRACRANIAL  PRESSURE    
• PARKINSON'S  DISEASE  
• SEIZURE  DISORDERS SPINAL  CORD    INJURY    
• THE  HYPOTHALAMUS  
• VALVULAR  DISORDERS    
• VERTIGO  - MENIERES  SYNDROME  
PHARMACOLOGY:  
• PHARMACOLOGY  
• PHARMACOLOGY:  MEDICATION  CALCULATION  AND  ADMINISTRATION  
PSYCHO -SOCIA L:  
• ABUSE  & VIOLENCE  
• PHYSIOLOGICAL  AND  PSYCHOSOCIAL  CHANGES  IN  AGING  
• END  OF LIFE  CARE  
PUBLIC HEALTH:    
• HEALTH  PROMOTION  AND  MAINTENANCE  
• IMMUNITY  
• IMMUNIZATION  DISASTER  
RENAL DISORDERS:    
• ACUTE  RENAL  FAILURE  
• CIRRHOSIS  
• CHRONIC  KIDNEY  DISEASE  (CKD) RENAL  CALCULI   
  
-5- 
 
NCLEX® is a registered trademark of the National Council of State Boards of Nursing.     
NurseAchieve is a registered trademark of NurseAchieve, Inc.  
Copyright © NurseAchieve, Inc.  RESPIRATORY  DISORDERS:    
• ASTHMA  
• CHEST  INJURIES  
• CHRONIC  OBSTRUCTIVE  PULMONARY  DISEASE  (COPD)  
• PHYSIOLOGY  OF BREATHING  
PEDIATRICS:  
• CARE  OF THE NEWBORN  
• PEDIATRIC  CARDIOVASCULAR  NURSING    
• PEDIATRIC  COGNITIVE  NEUROLOGIC  PSYCHOSOCIAL    
• PEDIATRIC  DIABETES  MELLITUS  
• PEDIATRIC  DEVELOPMENTAL  STAGES  
• PEDIATRIC  EYE,  EAR,  AND  THROAT  DISORDERS  
• PEDIATRIC  FEVER,  DEHYDRATION,  AND  PHENYLKETONURIA  
• PEDIATRIC  GASTROINTESTINAL  DISORDERS  
• HIDDEN  FROM  STUDENTS:PEDIATRIC  HEMATOLOGICAL  ONOLOGICAL  
• PEDIATRIC  INFECTIOUS  AND  COMMUNICABLE  DISEASES  
• PEDIATRIC  INTEGUMENTARY DYSFUNCTION    
• PEDIATRIC  MEDICATION  ADMINISTRATION  
• PEDIATRIC  MUSCULOSKELETAL  DISORDERS  
• PEDIATRIC  NEUROLOGIC,  COGNITIVE,  AND  PSYCHOSOCIAL  DISORDERS  
• PEDIATRIC  RESPIRATORY  DISORDERS    
• PEDIATRIC  RENAL/URINARY/GASTROURINARY  DISORDERS   
URINARY  AND  REPRODUCTIVE  HEALTH:    
• BENIGN  PROSTATIC  HYPERPLASIA  
• CUSHING'S  DISEASE  
• PITUITARY  DISORDERS  
• POSTERIOR  PITUITARY  DISORDERS REPRODUCTIVE  ANATOMY  
• REPRODUCTIVE  COMPLICATIONS  
2023 HESI V1 Exit Exam – Questions 
1. A male client who had a transurethral resection of the prostate (TURP) today has a continuous bladder 
irrigation (CBI). The client requests pain medication for abdominal pain rated at “ 9“on  a scale of 1 to 10. 
What action should the nu rse take first?  
A.Administer prescribed PRN analgesic medication.  
B.Position him on the left side and slow the irrigation rate.  
C.Palpate his abdomen and check his urinary output. <  
D.Assist him to ambulate to help pass flatus.  
2. The mental health nurse takes sever al adolescent clients to the inpatient schoolroom. The teacher asks 
the nurse to stay and help one of the male clients who has attention -deficit hyperactivity disorder with 
his spelling assignment. Which goal is reasonable for this client to attain during this one -hour class?  
A.Completes at least one page of spelling. <  
B.Follows directions the first time they are given.  
C.Sits quietly with peers and completes assignment.  
D.Shares his problems with others in the class.  
3. A client is receiving  a standardized solution  of heparin 25,000 -units/250 ml of normal saline. The 
healthcare provider prescribes to increase the client’s current infusion rate of heparin to 700 
units/hour. How many ml/hour should the nurse program the infusion pump? Enter the  numerical 
value only.  
Using formula, D/H x Q, 700 units/hour 25,000 units x 25o ml = 7 ml/hour  
4. A client is receiving the intravenous adrenergic agonist dobutamine (Dobutrex). In evaluating the 
client’s reaction to the medication, which assessment findin g indicates to the nurse  that the medication 
is effective?  
A.The client denies chest pain or discomfort.  
B.The client had 160 ml urine output in 8 hours.  
C.The client’s blood pressure is 110/70 mmHg. <  
D.The client’s posterior tibial pulses are 1+.  
5. A client misse s breakfast because of a  two-hour hand washing ritual that is performed daily. What plan 
is most therapeutic for the nurse to implement?  
A.Meet with the client daily to discuss motivation for initiating the ritual.  
B.Wake the client early so the ritual can be completed before breakfa st.  <  
C.Set limits on amount of time the client is allowed to perform the ritual.  
D.Socialize with the client during the ritual to demonstrate acceptance.  
6. Which discharge instruction should the nurse provide a client with heart failure  who is taking digoxin 
(Lanoxin)?  
A.Avoid concurrent use of herbal products. <  
B.Take Lanoxin with high -fiber foods.  
C.Restrict fluid intake to equal urine output.  
D.Check blood glucose level weekly.  
7. The charge nurse in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) needs to tran sfer a client to the med ical unit so that a 
client from the Emergency Room can be admitted to ICU. Which client is best to consider?  
A. A 38 -year -old with a myocardial infarction who is having multifocal premature ventricular 
contractions.  
B. A 66 -year -old with congestive heart failure  who has 2+ pitting edema and is short of breath on 
exertion. <  
C. A 58 -year -old diagnosed with Guillain -Barre syndrome who is having difficulty breathing.  
D. An 80 -year -old with a bleeding peptic ulcer who has a Hgb of 7 g/dl and coffee ground drainage 
from NG.  
 
8. The nurse stops to render aid at the scene of a motor vehicle collision and finds a child about 6 months 
of age strapped into a car seat in the back seat of the car. After calming the infant with a pacifier, what 
action should the  nurse take?  
A. Remove t he infant from the car seat while stabilizing the neck.  
B. Assess the infant’s ability to move arms and legs.  
C. Determine if pupils constrict when exposed to light.  
D. Lift the car seat out of the car with the infant strapped in it . < 
 
9. An unresponsive fem ale victim of a motor vehicle collision is brought to the emergency department 
where it is determined that immediate surgery is required to save her life. The client is accompanied by 
a close friend, but no family members are availa ble. Which intervention should the nurse implement?  
A. Obtain an emergency court order for life -saving surgery for the client.  
B. Prepare the client for surgery without a signed informed consent. <  
C. Ask the woman’s friend if the client has an advanced directive.  
D. Monitor the client until  a family member can be located.  
 
10. A confused and combative male client was placed in bilateral wrist restraints to keep him from pulling 
out a nasogastric tube. The client developed severe abrasions on both wrists. On the morning th at the 
abrasions were fo und, the client’s record contained nursing documentation stating that skin and 
circulation checks were conducted every 6 to 8 hours. How should the nurse -manager respond to this 
situation?  
A. Meet with the client’s nurse to determine w hy adequate assessment w as not performed. <  
B. Reassure the staff that skin damage can occur even when the standard of care is met.  
C. Provide an in -service on the documentation needed for clients with altered skin integrity.  
D. Instruct the staff about the correct  protocol for the applic ation of bilateral wrist restraints.  
 
11. When the nurse auscultates the anterior chest just above the right nipple, moderate pitched breath 
sounds are heard that are equal on inspiration and expiration. Which statement best describes t his 
finding?  
A. Bronchial b reath sounds that are normal in that location.  
B. Bronchovesicular breath sounds that are abnormal in that location.  
C. Bronchial breath sounds that are abnormal in that location.  
D. Bronchovesicular breath sounds that are normal in that loc ation. <  
 
12. A client is se en in the clinic with an acute episode of acute gastritis. Which nursing diagnosis has the 
highest priority?  
A. Acute pain related to inflammation. <  
B. Nausea related to gastric irritation.  
C. Knowledge deficit related to diet.  
D. Potential fo r injury related to blee ding.  
 
13. The nurse should encourage males over the age of 45 to obtain which test to screen for prostatic 
cancer?  
A. Prostate -specific antigen (PSA). <  
B. Serum testosterone level.  
C. Alpha -fetoprotein radioimmunoassay (AFP).  
D. Ultrasound of the  scrotum.  
 
14. A male client  tells the nurse that he does not want to receive a blood transfusion that was prescribed to 
treat internal hemorrhaging. What action should the nurse implement?  
A. Notify the prescribing healthcare provider of the client’s refusal to receive the blood transf usion. 
< 
B. Notify the hospital’s attorney of the client’s wishes and the need to exercise life -saving measures.  
C. Check the client’s medical record to see if he signed a legal informed consent form.  
D. Explain the treatment options availab le to him if he refuses the prescribed blood transfusion.  
 
15. The nurse is caring for a laboring client whose membranes ruptured 24 hours prior to admission. Based 
on the laboring client’s record and the current fetal monitor reading, which action should the nurse 
implement? (Click on each chart for additional information. Please be sure to scroll to the bottom right 
corner of each tab to view all information contained in the client’s medical record.)  
A. Stop the oxytocin infusion.  
B. Prepare for Cesarean delivery. < 
C. Assess the vital signs . 
D. Apply oxygen 10 L/mask.  
 
16. Which nursing intervention has the highest priority when completing discharge teaching for a client 
with Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) induced peptic ulcer diseases (PUD)?  
A. Refer the client to a counselor  for information on stre ss reduction and relaxation.  
B. Encourage the client to eat regularly scheduled meals to help prevent the pain.  
C. Instruct the client to take all the antibiotics, proton pump inhibitors, and Pepto -Bismol. <  
D. Teach the importance of taking  the Carafate medication  immediately before meals.  
 
17. A client had a total hip replacement two days ago. She has never been in the hospital before. She has 
just called for the bedpan. How should the nurse place the pan under this client?  
A. Ask her to roll to t he unoperated side and s lide the bedpan under her, then roll back onto the 
pan. <  
B. Ask her to roll to the operated side and slide the bedpan under her, then roll her back onto the pan.  
C. Ask her to flex her knees, spread her legs, and lift her buttocks with t he flat part of her feet , then 
push the bedpan under her from the front.  
D. Ask her to grab her over bed trapeze, push both heels into the mattress, and raise her buttocks off 
the bed so the bedpan can be slipped under her.  
 
18. A male client diagnosed with hyper tension has a nursing go al of, “The client will be able to verbalize 
ways to decrease blood pressure.” What statement by the client indicates that this outcome has been 
met?  
A. “I should have my blood pressure checked monthly to make sure it is within normal limits.”  
B. “If I lose weig ht, quit smoking, and exercise regularly I may not have to take any medication.” <  
C. “I should increase my fluid intake and decrease my fiber intake.”  
D. “If I take my medication every day, I won’t have to worry about my blood pressure.”  
 
19. On the third day of ho spitalization for depression, a male client tells the nurse that he is feeling much 
better and reports that he believes the antidepressant therapy is working. He participates in all 
scheduled activities and agrees to take on additio nal ward assignments. Wh at nursing action is most 
important for the nurse to implement at this time?  
A. Assign an attendant to monitor the client’s whereabouts at all times. <  
B. Praise the client’s willingness to take on additional duties.  
C. Encourage the client to share his positive at titude with other clients.  
D. Monitor the client’s behavior and intake during meals to determine appetite.  
 
20. A client experiencing intracranial hypertension from a traumatic brain injury is admitted to the trauma 
unit. How should the nu rse position this client ? 
A. Totally prone.  
B. Right side lying.  
C. Completely supine.  
D. Elevated head of bed. <  
 
21. The parents of a 4 -week -old male infant report that he eats well but vomits after each feeding. Which 
assessment finding should the nurse expect him to e xhibit if the baby is re ceiving inadequate nutrition?  
A. Tachypnea.  
B. Hypoactive bowel sounds.  
C. Sunken fontanels. <  
D. Absent Moro reflex.  
 
22. The nurse is planning the discharge teaching for a female client who has frequent urinary tract 
infections. In teaching the c lient how to prevent uri nary tract infections, which recommendation should 
the nurse include?  
A. Void immediately after intercourse. <  
B. Sit in a tub of warm water each evening.  
C. Drink a glass of water upon arising each morning.  
D. Perform Kegel exercises several t imes daily.  
 
23. When admini stering an antibiotic that causes photosensitivity, which instruction is important for the 
nurse to provide the client?  
A. Have hearing checked periodically.  
B. Be sure to drink plenty of fluids after activity.  
C. Wear long -sleeved clothing outdoors. <  
D. Get up slowl y to avoid dizziness.  
 
24. A client is receiving an infusion of 500 ml D5W with 25,000 units of heparin at 1,000 units/hour has a 
partial thromboplastin time (PTT) of 110 seconds. The sliding scale prescription reads: “If the PTT is les s 
than 65 seconds, incre ase the rate by 200 units/hour; and if the PTT is greater than 95 seconds 
decrease the rate by 200 units/hour.” The nurse should regulate the infusion pump for how many 
ml/hour? (Enter numeric value only.)  
 
        16 
 
25. The nurse te aching a preconception preparatio n class is discussing ways to improve dietary folic acid 
intake. Which evening snack contains the most folic acid?  
A. Whole grain cereal and milk. <  
B. Hard -boiled egg and juice.  
C. Vanilla milkshake with protein supplement.  
D. Toasted  white bread with butter.  
 
26. An 8 -month -old boy who has tetralogy of Fallot experiences periodic “tet spells” with paroxysmal 
dyspnea. Which nursing intervention is most effective in managing these episodes?  
A. Administer digoxin and Lasix as prescribed.  
B. Admini ster oxygen and place the child i n the knee -chest position. <  
C. Place the child in a prone position and administer chloral hydrate.  
D. Elevate the head of the bed and take the child’s vital signs.  
 
27. A 21 -year -old male client has developed splenomegaly secondary to infection mononucleosis. What 
factor in the client’s history is most important in developing his discharge -teaching plan?  
A. He regularly eats at fast food restaurants.  
B. On weekends he usually drinks 1 or 2 beers.  
C. Lately he has been sleeping 10 to 12 hours every night.  
D. He works as a furnit ure mover. <  
 
28. The nurse is monitoring an infant with pulmonic stenosis. Which finding is most important for the nurse 
to report to the healthcare provider?  
A. Clubbing of the fingers.  
B. Systemic cyanosis. <  
C. Presence of a thrill.  
D. Polycythemia.  
 
29. The nurse is plan ning care for a newborn with bladder exstrophy. During the preoperative period, which 
intervention should the nurse implement?  
A. Expose the bladder to room air to promote scar formation.  
B. Place a dry sterile dressing over the exposed bladder.  
C. Apply a sterile non-adherent dressing over the bladder. <  
D. Use pre -weighed large diapers for diapering the infant.  
 
30. After positioning a client on the side to administer a rectal suppository, the nurse observes that the 
client has been incon tinent of a large amount of liqui d stool, which has soaked through a gauze pad 
covering a stage three -pressure ulcer. What action should the nurse take first?  
A. Administer the rectal suppository.  
B. Replace the soiled dressing. <  
C. Assess the client’s bowel sound s. 
D. Check the client for an impact ion. 
 
31. The nurse is assessing a 48 -year -old client with Guillain -Barre syndrome. What symptom is this client 
most likely to exhibit?  
A. Pill rolling movement of the fingers.  
B. Difficulty keeping eyelids open.  
C. Pain on one side of the face.  
D. Decreased mobility of t he legs. <  
 
32. The emergency department notifies the charge nurse at 3:00 a.m. of the transfer of a client who is 
being admitted because of multiple lacerations that are a result of self -destructive behavior. Agency 
policy sta tes that this client should be ad mitted to a safe room with window locks, but the only safe 
room on the unit is currently occupied by a postoperative client. What action should the nurse take?  
A. Admit the client to a regular room and provide intensive monito ring.  
B. Have the client remain in t he emergency department until morning.  
C. Move the postoperative client to another room. <  
D. Decline the client because a safe room is unavailable.  
 
33. The nurse is caring for a two -day postoperative client. What assessment finding  indicates that wound 
healing is likely?  
A. Tolerated a full liquid diet on the second postoperative day.  
B. Ambulated in the hallway 24 hours after surgery.  
C. Current serum potassium level is 4.9 mEq/L.  
D. Total serum protein is 5.4 g/dl. <  
 
34. A client’s arterial bloo d gases are: pH 7.5, PaO2 94, PaC O2 30, HCO2 24. What action should the nurse 
take based on these findings?  
A. Auscultate the client’s breath sounds for increased secretions.  
B. Review the client’s electrolytes and intake/output for fluid balance.  
C. Assess the cli ent for nausea, vomiting, or diar rhea.  
D. Assess the client for causes of hyperventilation. <  
 
35. A “Code Pink” is announced over the hospital intercom system, indicating that a baby has been 
abducted from the nursery. What action should the charge nurse on a me dical surgical unit implement 
first? 
A. Assign one UAP to report to the nursery to assist with the search.  
B. Instruct the nursing staff to check every client’s room, bathroom, and treatment room.  
C. Assign one staff member to stay at each of the emergency exits a nd stairwell doors. <  
D. Stay alert for further announcements because a code pink primarily affects maternity units.  
 
36. A client who is experiencing paranoid ideation is admitted to the psychiatric unit. During the first 48 
hours of treatment, which nursing int ervention is best for the nurse t o implement?  
A. Place the client in group activities with other paranoid clients.  
B. Encourage the client to participate in unit social activities.  
C. Refer the client to occupational therapy.  
D. Allow the client to initiate relationsh ips and activities. <  
37. Which surve illance clues are specific potential indicators of a bioterrorism attack? (Select all that apply.)  
A. Geographic clustering of client illnesses. <  
B. Increased rate of hospital emergency room visits.  
C. Emergency room understaffing for six consecutive shifts.  
D. Incre ased prevalence of cases previously not seen in a geographic area. <  
E. Increased biosafety practice precautions used by emergency room staff.  
F. Unusual age distribution for a common disease. <  
 
38. A client in acute renal failure h as a serum potassium level of 6.3  mEq/L. What medication can the nurse 
expect the healthcare provider to prescribe?  
A. Nitrofurantoin (Macrodantin) orally.  
B. Erythropoietin (Epogen) intravenously.  
C. Kayexalate retention enema. <  
D. Azathioprine (Imuran) orally.  
 
39. The nurse finds a client at 33 -weeks  gestation in cardiac arrest. What adaptation to cardiopulmonary 
resuscitation (CPR) should the nurse implement?  
A. Position a hip wedge for lateral uterine displacement. <  
B. Adjust the ventilation -to-compression ratio to 3:20.  
C. Apply less compression force to r educe aspiration.  
D. Apply oxygen mask after opening the airway.  
 
40. A client has produced the first of a series of sputum samples for cytology. What action should the nurse 
implement?  
A. Ensure the client remains NPO until all the samples are collected.  
B. Discard th e initial sample and document the time it was obtained.  
C. Transport the sputum container to the laboratory in a biohazard bag. <  
D. Document the time the client last ate or drank on the laboratory slip.  
 
41. In scheduling home visit s, which client is best for the h ome health charge nurse to assign to the 
licensed practical nurse (LPN)?  
A. A client who needs the first postoperative dressing change following a skin graft to the lower leg.  
B. A postoperative client who no longer needs wound c are, but has called to report a f ever.  
C. A client with diabetes who has called to report a newly discovered foot ulceration.  
D. A bedfast client who needs daily irrigation of a stage 4 pressure ulcer. <  
 
42. A client is hospitalized for pregnancy -induced hypertensi on (PIH) and is receiving magnesi um sulfate 2 
g/hour IV. Which medication should the nurse plan to have immediately available for this client?  
A. Sodium bicarbonate.  
B. Atropine.  
C. Epinephrine.  
D. Calcium gluconate. <  
 
43. Which statement by the mother of a male toddler with croup indicates to the nurse  that the teaching 
was effective?  
A. “I need to take him to the nearest ER immediately if he starts having trouble swallowing.” <  
B. “The cough makes him sound sicker than he is. I don’t need to worry.”  
C. “I can give him baby aspir in for the fever and cough.”  
D. “Using a steam vaporizer at night in his room will help ease the cough.”  
 
44. The healthcare provider prescribes meperidine (Demerol) 25 mg IV every 3 hours for an older, 
postoperative client. The nurse prepares the prescribed dose  from a cartridge labeled “meperi dine 75 
mg/ml” and dilutes the medication with 5 ml of normal saline for IV administration. How many ml is 
the total volume of diluted medication? (Enter numeric value only. If rounding is required, round to the 
nearest ten th.) 5.3  
 
45. Which assessment findin g indicates to the nurse that resolution of a client’s subcutaneous emphysema 
has occurred?  
A. No crepitus palpated at site. <  
B. Client denies pain or tenderness at site.  
C. No lymph node enlargement.  
D. No redness or inflammation not ed. 
 
46. One hour after receiving the  initial dose of doxazosin (Cardura), a male client with benign prostatic 
hypertrophy complains of a rapid heartbeat and dizziness. He is sitting at the side of the bed finishing 
his bedtime snack. His radial pulse is 144 b eats/minute. What action should t he nurse take first?  
A. Assist the client to a recumbent position.  
B. Notify the healthcare provider.  
C. Obtain his blood pressure and apical pulse rate. <  
D. Obtain an electrocardiogram (ECG).  
 
47. When preparing the client for a thoracen tesis, it is essential for the nu rse to take which action?  
A. Have the client lie in the prone position. <  
B. Determine if chest x -rays have been completed.  
C. Encourage the client to cough during the procedure.  
D. Ask the client to void prior to the procedure.  
 
48. The n urse is preparing a disaster plan  for a community. When planning for a potential bioterrorism 
attack, which disease should be considered?  
A. Shigellosis.  
B. West Nile virus.  
C. Pertussis.  
D. Tularemia. <  
 
49. The nurse has completed discharge teaching with a client who ha d perineal surgery one week ago. 
Which statement by the client indicates that the teaching was effective?  
A. “I will try to avoid eating fruits and vegetables.”  
B. “I will limit my fluid intake to about a quart a day.”  
C. “I will cleanse the perineum after every bo wel movement.” <  
D. “I will only use  enemas if I do not have a daily bowel movement.”  
 
50. A male client tells the nurse that he has experienced acid reflux for several years. The nurse recognizes 
that this client has an increased risk for what problem?  
A. Cancer. <  
B. Cardiac disease.  
C. Abdominal aneur ysm.  
D. Lymphadenopathy.  
 
51. Which equipment should the nurse use to administer iron to an infant with iron deficiency anemia?  
A. Rectal suppository.  
B. Medicine dropper. <  
C. Medicine cup.  
D. IV pump.  
 
52. A 25 year -old male client with testicu lar carcinoma is scheduled for a unilateral orchiectomy tomorrow. 
During the preoperative preparation, he tells the nurse that he is concerned that his scrotum will not 
look normal after the surgery, even though he knows that a testicular prosthesis will b e inserted during 
surgery. What i mmediate response is best for the nurse to provide?  
A. Explain that the prosthesis feels and looks natural in the scrotum. <  
B. Refer the client to a support group for young adults with cancer.  
C. Reassure the client that no one wil l know just by looking at him.  
D. Arrange for a recipient of testicular prosthesis to visit the client.  
 
53. An adult male client presents to the psychiatric clinic accompanied by his mother who is concerned that 
her child is going to jail because he broke into a  jewelry store. The nurse conduct s an intake assessment 
and determines that the son is using marijuana daily. What information should the nurse provide this 
mother?  
A. Describe the consequences of enabling behaviors. <  
B. Suggest to the mother that she allow her  son to go to jail.  
C. Refer the son  to a drug treatment program immediately.  
D. Tell the mother to discourage her son’s marijuana use.  
 
54. The nurse plans to frequently monitor the skin color, mucous membranes, and nail beds of a client with 
acute renal failure (A RF). What is the purpose in carry ing out this nursing intervention?  
A. Identify early signs of infections.  
B. Identify early signs of dietary deficiencies.  
C. Detect signs of anemia. <  
D. Assess for signs of jaundice.  
 
55. A 7-year -old with Guillain -Barre syndrome is admi tted with ascending paralysis to the C -6 level. In 
developing a plan to prevent disease until the paralysis subsides, which intervention is most important 
for the nurse to include in the child’s plan of care?  
A. Emotional support and diversional, educational activities.  
B. Adequate fluid intake  and hygienic care for an indwelling catheter.  
C. Bowel incontinent care and skin care to bony prominences.  
D. Range of motion and passive exercises of all large muscle groups. <  
 
56. A female client who is being prepared for a hyste rosalpingogram (HSG) informs the nurse that she is 
allergic to shellfish. What action should the nurse implement?  
A. Administer an antihistamine before the HSG.  
B. Document the client’s allergy.  
C. Notify the healthcare provider. <  
D. Ensure that a latex -free supply c art is available.  
 
57. Returning to t he office after seeing a homebound client, the home health care nurse has many 
telephone messages from the assigned caseload. Which telephone message should the nurse return 
first?  
A. A young adult who was discharged from the hospital yesterday and is not fee ling well. <  
B. An older adult with Type 2 diabetes who complains of intense itching of both feet.  
C. An adult client with a peripheral saline lock with redness at the insertion site.  
D. A middle -aged client with a sigmoid colostomy  who has irritation around the st oma.  
 
58. A client with hypertension is scheduled to receive a dose of the alpha -beta adrenergic blocking agent 
carvedilol (Coreg). Which of the client’s vital signs warrants notification of the healthcare provider prior 
to adm inistering the scheduled dose?  
A. Temperature of 101.4 F.  
B. Blood pressure of 170/92.  
C. Pulse rate of 42 beats/minute. <  
D. Respiratory rate of 12 breaths/minute.  
 
59. A 45 -year -old female client who had a hysterectomy one week ago asks the nurse when she will start to 
experience hot flashes. Before re sponding to the client’s question, what information should the nurse 
obtain?  
A. The reason why the hysterectomy was performed.  
B. The type of birth control used preoperatively.  
C. The type of hysterectomy that was performed.  
D. Whether  the client’s ovaries were also r emoved. <  
 
60. After sitting outside, an elderly male who is attending an adult daycare center develops uticaria and a 
macular rash with raised wheals over most of his trunk. He is slightly dyspneic, and is furiously 
scratching  the rash with both hands. What a ction should the nurse take first?  
A. Call 911 to transport the client to an emergency center. <  
B. Assess the vital signs q15 minutes for one hour.  
C. Ask the client if there were any fire ants on the patio.  
D. Cover the hives with a  topical antihistamine cream.  
 
61. A client with an indwelling urinary catheter has developed hematuria in the last four hours. What 
action should the nurse implement?  
A. Assist the client to a right side -lying position in the bed.  
B. Determine if the client is rece iving any anticoagulant medicatio ns. <  
C. Withhold further oral fluids until the healthcare provider is notified.  
D. Remove the client’s indwelling urinary catheter immediately.  
 
62. The charge nurse observes a male healthcare provider viewing his sister’s record on  the computer 
monitor. What actio n should the nurse take?  
A. Remind the healthcare provider that only the treatment team should view the client’s records. <  
B. Tell the healthcare provider to maintain confidentiality of the contents in his sister’s record.  
C. Allow  the healthcare provider to conti nue viewing the client’s medical record.  
D. Ask the client if she gave her brother permission to view her record.  
 
63. While receiving the first of two prescribed units of packed red blood cells, a client develops a low -grade 
feve r, flushing, and uticaria, so the  nurse stops the transfusion. What action should the nurse 
implement next?  
A. Notify the healthcare provider of the client’s reaction to the transfusion.  
B. Obtain the second unit of packed red blood cells from the blood bank.  
C. Start a second IV line to administe r emergency intravenous medications.  
D. Maintain the patency of the IV site by infusing a normal saline solution. <  
 
64. The nurse is working with an unlicensed assistive personnel (UAP) to prepare a client who had hip 
replacement  surgery for transfer to the reha bilitation unit. A practical nurse (PN) enters the room and 
reports that a client with pneumonia has become confused and combative. What action should the 
nurse implement?  
A. Ask the UAP to continue packing the belongings of t he surgical client while the two nurses return to 
the room of the combative client. <  
B. Continue to prepare the surgical client for the transfer and instruct the PN to apply restraints to the 
combative client.  
C. Assign the UAP to stay with the combative client  until the two nurses have transf erred the surgical 
client to the rehabilitation unit.  
D. Assess the combative client after asking the PN to help the UAP prepare the surgical client for 
transfer to the rehabilitation unit.  
 
65. At a 2 -year -old well -child visit, a  toddler’s parent tells the nurse  that this child, who is the youngest of 
five, rarely talks spontaneously. Which intervention should the nurse implement?  
A. Demonstrate games requiring expressive speech.  
B. Suggest that the parent read aloud to the child at bed time.  
C. Schedule an appointment wit h pediatric audiologist. <  
D. Encourage the parent to enroll in preschool classes.  
 
66. An 82 -year -old female client is hospitalized with a fractured femur. During a routine nursing 
assessment, she repeatedly asks the nurse to “sp eak up” so that she can hear the questions. Which 
action is best for the nurse to take?  
A. Over -enunciate word syllables.  
B. Decrease speaking speed. <  
C. Raise voice volume to a shout.  
D. Exaggerate nonverbal expressions.  
 
67. A 79 -year -old female client with chronic obs tructive pulmonary disease (COPD)  asks why she has a 
round chest. The nurse correctly responds that the typical “barrel -chest” appearance of an emphysema 
client is caused by which condition?  
A. Constant coughing.  
B. Abdominal breathing.  
C. Upper body exercises to i ncrease lung capacity.  
D. Hyperinfla tion of the lungs. <  
 
68. Vaginal exam of a client who is admitted in early labor reveals cervical dilation of 2 cm with 50% 
effacement and a -3 fetal station. The client tells the nurse that a friend’s bag of waters was ruptur ed by 
the doctor to make labor pr ogress faster, and she is concerned because her doctor did not rupture the 
membranes. What response is best for the nurse to provide?  
A. The baby’s cord can prolapse if the fetal head is high in the pelvis. <  
B. Cervical dilatati on to 4 cm is needed to rupture t he membranes.  
C. The bag of waters is not ruptured until the birth is imminent.  
D. Rupturing the bag of waters does not have any effect on labor.  
 
69. The nurse plans to administer a 0.5 ml intramuscular injection to an 18 -month -old toddler in the vastus 
lateralis. What is the rationale for choosing this site?  
A. This injection site is the easiest to expose fully at this age.  
B. The mother of the child can hold the child most securely when this site is used.  
C. This injection site has the fewe st major blood vessels at this ag e. 
D. This is the most developed muscle until the child has been walking longer. <  
 
70. “Social isolation” is identified as a nursing diagnosis for a 16 -year -old who is experiencing facial edema. 
What behavior indicates a positive  outcome for this diagnosis? The client  
A. Is quietly watching television.  
B. Requests that visitors be restricted.  
C. Sleeps soundly through the night.  
D. Is laughing and talking on the phone. <  
 
71. In planning strategies to promote client rest and sleep during the nigh t shift, the nurse should 
encoura ge the staff to adhere to which guideline?  
A. Keep the nurses’ station free of excessive debris and clutter.  
B. Exchange shift report in a private room with the door closed. <  
C. Wear dark colored scrub suits, uniforms, and lab jack ets. 
D. Make sure bright lighting is  maintained in the hallways.  
 
72. The nurse is planning care for a client who is newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes mellitus (DM). What 
nursing intervention should the nurse include in this client’s plan of care?  
A. Give an oral  hypoglycemic agent per sliding s cale.  
B. Check each voided urine for sugar and ketones.  
C. Monitor blood glucose levels every 6 hours.  
D. Teach diabetic information at every opportunity. <  
 
73. The nurse is evaluating preoperative teaching. What statement by the clien t indicates an understanding 
of the need to remain NPO prior to surgery?  
A. “My intestines need to be empty during surgery.”  
B. “Less fluid will collect in my lungs.”  
C. “I will be less likely to vomit after surgery.”  
D. “There’s less chance I will vomit during surger y.” <  
 
74. A resident of a long -term care facility falls during the night. After determining the resident has an 
obvious wrist injury and blunt head trauma, the charge nurse is unable to reach the healthcare provider 
despite multiple calls to the pager and ans wering service. Which action shou ld the charge nurse 
implement?  
A. Request permission from the family to transport the client to the hospital.  
B. Refer the situation the Director of Nursing for further action.  
C. Document the incident and transport the client to th e hospital. <  
D. Apply a wrist splin t and continue to try contacting the healthcare provider.  
 
75. A new plaster cast is applied to a client’s arm for a fracture of the ulna. Sixty minutes after receiving an 
analgesic, the client reports pain in the arm and score s the intensity at “10” on a scal e of 1 to 10. Which 
action is most important for the nurse to perform?  
A. Teach the client to wiggle the fingers.  
B. Contact provider for a different analgesic.  
C. Elevate the extremity on two pillows.  
D. Assess for distal paresthesia.  < 
 
76. Which assessment finding cont raindicates removal of staples from a surgical incision?  
A. Incision edges are well approximated.  
B. Client complains of incisional itching and discomfort.  
C. No evisceration present entire length of incision.  
D. Partial dehiscence not ed at incision’s distal end. <  
 
77. A client is admitted to the Emergency Department with acute abdominal pain and a provisional 
diagnosis of pancreatitis. The nurse assesses the client and results from laboratory studies are 
obtained. Which information is mos t valuable in reporting the clien t’s status to the healthcare 
provider?  
A. Severity of nausea and vomiting and serum amylase results. <  
B. Presence of bowel sounds and degree of abdominal pain.  
C. Serum H. pylori antibody results and urine output amounts.  
D. Complaint s of chronic constipation and ser um gastrin levels.  
 
78. A client with dementia describes imagined experiences that have no basis in fact, and a nursing 
diagnosis of “Altered thought processes related to confabulation” is formulated. What main function 
does co nfabulation serve for client with  dementia?  
A. Increase self -esteem.  
B. Decrease anxiety. <  
C. Keep the conversation going.  
D. Impress others.  
 
79. A man who was trapped for 2 days on the roof of his home awaiting rescue during a weather -related 
disaster spent several wee ks in a shelter. During this time , he says he wondered if he was going to die 
like many of his friends and relatives had. Now, several months later, he reports feeling numb and 
cannot relate well with others. He sometimes relives the isolation and anxiety associated with the 
ordeal. Nursi ng care should be directed toward which outcome?  
A. Uses time productively when conducting activities of daily living and during social or recreational 
activities.  
B. Exhibits a more positive self -evaluation when describing himse lf. 
C. Responds to his name when add ressed by a member of the treatment team.  
D. Implements anxiety -control strategies such as progressive relaxation and thought substitution. <  
 
80. While assessing a client who had a laparotomy the previous day, the nurse notices t hat 300 ml of dark 
red fluid has drained from the nasogastric tube in the last hour. What action should the nurse take first?  
A. Monitor urinary output hourly.  
B. Determine the client’s vital signs. <  
C. Assess the client’s level of pain.  
D. Notify the surgeon immedia tely. 
 
81. After administering an inj ection, the nurse observes bleeding at the site. In what sequence should the 
nurse perform these actions? (Arrange with the first step on top and the last step on the bottom.)  
2 - Apply an adhesive bandage over the injectio n site.  
3 - Place syringe in a pu ncture -resistant container.  
1 - Retract the needle into the syringe.  
4 - Remove disposable exam gloves.  
 
82. The nurse overhears two hospital employees discussing confidential client information in the cafeteria. 
The nurse deci des to intervene, because this si tuation is a breach of which ethical principle.  
A. Consistency.  
B. Autonomy.  
C. Veracity.  
D. Fidelity. <  
 
83. The nurse is preparing to administer a liter of IV solution to a toddler with gastroenteritis who is 
dehydrated. Which action sho uld the nurse implement to preven t fluid overload?  
A. Ask another nurse to distract the child while spiking the IV bag.  
B. Use tubing with secondary ports and a macro -drip chamber.  
C. Attach a volume -control device below the primary infusion. <  
D. Immobilize the hand with the IV access device to an a rm board.  
 
84. While assessing a 6 -year -old, the nurse notices several elevated 1 to 3 mm white spots on the child’s 
buccal mucosa. What other signs should the nurse expect this child to exhibit?  
A. Irregular red macular rash in t he perianal area.  
B. Red blotchy mac ular rash on the face and neck. <  
C. Pruritic vesicular skin eruptions on trunk.  
D. Honey -colored crusted exudate from ruptured skin vesicles.  
 
85. In evaluating teaching of a client about wearing a Holter monitor, which statement ma de by the client 
would indicate t o the nurse that the client understands the procedure?  
A. “I must record any symptoms occurring with my activity.” <  
B. “I am not looking forward to staying in bed for 24 hours.”  
C. “I really am dreading the frequent blood drawing.”  
D. “I know that I shouldn’t get clo se to my microwave oven.”  
 
86. A female client diagnosed with major depression was admitted to the psychiatric unit yesterday. Today 
she refuses to take a bath, dress, or eat, and wants to sleep during the day. Which interventi on has the 
highest priority for t his client?  
A. Request a meeting with the family to discuss her behavior.  
B. Provide and maintain a safe, structured daily routine. <  
C. Administer the prescribed intramuscular antidepressant medication.  
D. Assess the client’s ability to communicate with the staff.  
 
87. A client with chronic controlled atrial fibrillation develops symptoms of a pulmonary embolus. What 
intervention has the highest priority?  
A. Monitor oxygen saturation via pulse oximeter. <  
B. Evaluate the client’s most recent INR  result.  
C. Determine if the client converted to a sinus rhythm.  
D. Administer PRN IV morphine to control anxiety.  
 
88. A school -aged child with otitis media receives a prescription for azithromycin (Zithromax) 300 mg once, 
then 150 mg daily for 4 days. The medicati on is available in a solution con taining 200 mg/5 ml. How 
many ml should the nurse administer on the first day of the treatment regimen? (Enter numeric value 
only. If rounding is necessary, round to the nearest tenth.) 7.5  
 
89. A nurse is concerned about the t ype of legal consequences that ca n result from breaching client 
confidentiality. What source states the legal requirements nurses must follow to protect client 
confidentiality in a nurse -patient relationship?  
A. Amendments to the Federal Constitution.  
B. Patient ’s Bill of Rights Acts.  
C. State Nur se Practice Acts. <  
D. ANA Code of Ethics for Nurses.  
 
90. The nurse is performing an intake interview at a prenatal clinic. Which planned activity described by the 
client, who is at 6 -weeks gestation, should be investigated by th e nurse first?  
A. A scheduled busine ss trip in 3 weeks that includes travel by airplane and train.  
B. Plans to continue participating in a low -impact aerobics class.  
C. The 9 -year -old sibling will come with the client to the next prenatal visit.  
D. Supervision of the renovation of an old house the fa mily just purchased. <  
 
91. A young adult male client is admitted to the psychiatric unit because of a drug overdose. Which nursing 
intervention is most important when planning prioritized care for this client during the initia l drug 
withdrawal period?  
A. Limit v isitors who might bring the client drugs.  
B. Monitor the client’s physical response to withdrawal. <  
C. Plan activities to increase the client’s self -esteem.  
D. Help the client gain insight into his behavior.  
 
92. What area of the body should be palpated to assess for the presence of Heberden’s nodes in the client 
with osteoarthritis?  
A. Lower spine.  
B. Knee and hip joints.  
C. Face and neck.  
D. Distal fingers. <  
 
93. An infant is receiving gavage feedings via an orogastric tube. At the beginning of the feeding, the 
infant’s heart rate drops to 80 beats/minute. What action should the nurse take?  
A. Slow the feeding and monitor the infant’s response. <  
B. Immediately clamp and remove the orogastric tube.  
C. Shift the infant’s position to the right lateral side.  
D. Continue feeding since this is a typ ical response.  
 
94. A 40 -year -old client with Type 1 diabetes developed chronic kidney disease (CKD) 6 months ago. 
Because of secondary complications often associated with this illness, the nurse plans to carefully 
assess for s igns of what condition?  
A. Anemia. <  
B. Kidney stones.  
C. Rheumatoid arthritis.  
D. Bacterial endocarditis.  
 
95. The nurse is developing the plan of care for a client who is returning from surgery after a total 
colectomy and ileostomy. Which nursing diagnosis has the highe st priority for this client durin g the 
immediate postoperative period?  
A. Risk for impaired skin integrity related to fecal drainage.  
B. Knowledge deficit related to surgical bowel diversion.  
C. Risk for electrolyte imbalance related to ileostomy. <  
D. Risk for sexual  dysfunction related to pelvic ne rve injury.  
96. Which approach is best for the nurse to use when communicating with a client with amyotrophic lateral 
sclerosis (ALS)?  
A. Speak clearly, slowly, and loudly.  
B. Reorient the client frequently.  
C. Use visual cues to increa se comprehension.  
D. Demonstrate a p ositive, caring demeanor. <  
 
97. A client diagnosed with schizophrenia looks frightened and tells the nurse, “I keep hearing the voices 
telling me to hurt somebody. Don’t you hear them?” Which response is best for the nurse to provide?  
A. “If you keep taking your  medication the voices will go away.”  
B. “The voices are not real. They are part of your illness.”  
C. “I don’t hear the voices, but you seem very frightened.” <  
D. “Just ignore the voices and pretend they are not there.”  
 
98. A client n ewly diagnosed with Type 1 diabet es received 28 units of Humulin N at 0700. The nurse is 
making rounds at 1330. Which client statement requires the most immediate follow -up intervention by 
the nurse?  
A. “I let my wife eat my lunch since I wasn’t hungry.” <  
B. “I get so nervous when I have to gi ve my shot.”  
C. “I didn’t sleep well last night. I am going to take a nap.”  
D. “I get dizzy when I get up out of the bed too fast.”  
 
99. During breath sound auscultation of a client who is being mechanically ventilated, the nurse hea rs 
coarse, snoring sounds over th e upper anterior chest with clear breath sounds over the other lung 
fields. What intervention should the nurse implement at this time?  
A. Suction the client’s endotracheal tube. <  
B. Notify respiratory therapy immediately.  
C. Contin ue to assess the client frequentl y. 
D. Begin manual resuscitation with ambu bag.  
 
100. At a community health fair, a 50 -year -old woman tells the nurse that she has an annual physical 
exam that includes a clinical breast exam and an annual mammogram. How should the  nurse respond?  
A. Ask the woman if she also performs monthly breast self -exams. <  
B. Advise the woman that mammograms are only needed every two years at her age.  
C. Encourage the woman to explore her fears about breast cancer.  
D. Comment the woman for adhering to the  recommended cancer detection gui delines.  
 
101. An adult woman and her live -in boyfriend are seen in the Emergency Department following a 
motor vehicle collision. Based on which finding should the nurse assess further for the possibility of 
domestic violence?  
A. The woman is demanding and argumen tative with staff.  
B. The couple is vague about how the collision occurred.  
C. Several old bruises appear on the woman’s chest and neck. <  
D. Her live -in boyfriend seems unconcerned about her condition.  
 
102. The nurse knows the client w ith a mechanical valve replacemen t understands the discharge 
teaching when the client makes which statement?  
A. “I should notify my healthcare provider if I hear a clicking sound near my heart.”  
B. “I will need to take antibiotics before any type of invasive den tal work.” <  
C. “I will not have to take any more heart medication since I have a new valve.”  
D. “I will need to have this valve replaced in about 10 years.”  
 
103. While reporting a client’s blood glucose results to the nurse, the LPN states that the glucometer 
was n ot calibrated prior to use becaus e the report given by the night shift ran late. What action is most 
important for the nurse to perform.  
A. Advise the LPN of the implications involved by not calibrating the glucometer. <  
B. Complete a variance report describing the inaccurate blood glucose meas urements.  
C. Discuss the need for a more efficient shift report with the night charge nurse.  
D. Ask the supervisor to schedule an in -service training on the correct use of glucometers.  
 
104. A female client is instructed to do Kegel e xercises. What statement identifi es to the nurse that 
the client understands how to perform these exercises?  
A. “I need to tighten my stomach muscles while sitting and standing, hold for 10 seconds, and repeat 5 
times.”  
B. “When I urinate, I should tighten those  muscles and stop the flow of uri ne for 10 seconds and 
repeat this 5 to 10 times.” <  
C. “I need to press the small of my back against a chair and hold for 5 seconds, repeating this 10 
times.”  
D. While lying on my back, I need to do modified sit -ups at least twic e a day.”  
 
105. The charge nurse shoul d intervene when what behavior is observed?  
A. A hospital transporter is reading a client’s history and physical while waiting for an elevator. <  
B. A UAP tells a client, “It’s hard to quit drinking but Alcoholic Anonymous helped  me.”  
C. Two visitors are discussing  a hospitalized client’s history of drug abuse in the visitor’s lounge.  
D. Two staff members are overheard talking about a cure for AIDS outside a client’s room.  
 
106. A client who had a left above knee amputation (AKA) two days ag o has a soft stump dressing in 
place. To prevent the development of a contracture on the left leg, which intervention should the nurse 
implement?  
A. Turn the client to the unaffected side only.  
B. Elevate the client’s left leg on two pillows at all times.  
C. Instru ct the client to push the stump a gainst a soft pillow.  
D. Position the client prone 3 to 4 times a day. <  
 
107. An ACE inhibitor is prescribed for a male client with diabetes whose blood pressure is 120/60 
mm Hg. The client asks the nurse why he is receiving the m edication when his blood pressure  is 
normal. The nurse’s response should be based on what information?  
A. It lowers insulin resistance at the cellular level in Type 1 diabetics.  
B. It helps to prevent gastric reflux and gastroparesis associated with diabetes.  
C. It helps prevent platelet aggregati on and plaque formation in diabetics.  
D. It slows the progression of kidney damage often associated with diabetics. <  
 
108. When irrigating an occluded nasogastric tube, what action should the nurse include?  
A. Check the stomach for t he amount of residual volume.  
B. Clamp the tube after instilling the normal saline.  
C. Measure the amount of fluid instilled and returned. <  
D. Lubricate the tip of the syringe before insertion.  
 
109. The nursing diagnosis, “High risk for infection” is most relevant for  a client with which 
hematologic problem?  
A. Agranulocytosis. <  
B. Thrombocytopenia.  
C. Erythrocytopenia.  
D. Polycythemia.  
 
110. Thirty -six hours after delivery, the nurse assesses a client’s fundus just above the umbilicus and 
displaced to the right of midline. What actio n should the nurse take first?  
A. Assess the amount of lochia.  
B. Catheterize the client and record the amount.  
C. Palpate the bladder for distention. <  
D. Ask the client when her last bowel movement occurred.  
 
111. In assessing a client diagnosed with left -sided heart fai lure, the nurse observes new find ings of 
jugular vein distention and pedal edema. What action should the nurse implement?  
A. Position the client in a left lateral Trendelenburg position.  
B. Advise the client that thrombolytic therapy will be started immediately.  
C. Notify the healthcare provider o f the onset of right -sided failure. <  
D. Prepare to administer an intravenous vasoconstricting agent.  
 
112. Identify the location of the tragus on the outer auricle. (Click the chosen location. To change, 
click on a new location.)  
 
113. A client has an AV graft for hem odialysis in the left forearm and an infiltrated IV in the right arm. 
After discontinuing the IV, where should the next IV be started?  
A. Right arm proximal to the former IV. <  
B. Use AV graft for IV access.  
C. Left arm proximal to the graft.  
D. Left arm distal to the  graft.  
 
114. A 10 -year -old boy reports that the words on his teacher’s power point presentations are blurry even 
though he sits in the front row of the classroom. Based on this description, the school nurse should 
suspect which  problem?  
A. Exotropia.  
B. Farsightedne ss. 
C. Myopia. <  
D. Hyperopia.  
 
115. After administering phenobarbital to an infant with increased intracranial pressure, which response 
should the nurse expect?  
A. The infant is sleepy and less irritable. <  
B. Infant take clear liquids wit hout vomiting.  
C. Increased heart an d respiratory rate.  
D. The infant’s urinary output increases.  
 
116. The healthcare provider prescribes etanercept (Enbrel) 50 mg subcutaneously weekly for a client with 
rheumatoid arthritis. The nurse should evaluate the effectiven ess of this medication within wha t time 
frame?  
A. Once every 6 months.  
B. Daily for one week.  
C. Every 4 months for one year.  
D. 2 to 4 weeks. <  
 
117. A male client with a history of generalized tonic -clonic seizures tells the nurse that he feels like he is 
about to have a seizure. What should the nurse do first?  
A. Perform a neurological assessment.  
B. Give a STAT dose of an anticonvulsant medication.  
C. Check client’s oxygen saturation level.  
D. Stay with the client and call for assistance. <  
118. The nurse gives a client the daily dose of a prescription for captopril ( Capoten) 12.5 mg PO every AM. 
Shortly after administering the medication, the healthcare provider instructs the nurse to give another 
dose to reach the newly prescribed dose of 50 mg PO daily. The medication is available in  12.5 tablets. 
How many additiona l tablets should the nurse give? (Enter the numeric value only.) 3  
 
119. A client is receiving an intermittent infusion of erythromycin lactobionate for injection, USP (Erythrocin 
Lactobionate) 1 gram in 250 ml of normal saline over two hours. The nurse should program the 
infusion pump to deliver how many ml/hour? (Enter numeric value only.) 125  
 
120. A one -day-old neonate is awaiting surgical correction of a myelomeningocele. During the preoperative 
period, what is the priority nursi ng intervention?  
A. Observe for CNS infection related to sac trauma. <  
B. Position supine to protect the sac from urine and feces.  
C. Maintain the neonate on a pressure -reducing surface.  
D. Minimize the neonate’s exposure to latex products.  
 
121. A female client who has ju st completed a full chemotherapy cycle for cancer has lost 15 pounds 
because of anorexia, nausea, and vomiting. Her BMI is 19. The nurse reinforces nutritional concepts 
during discharge planning. Which dinner menu selection best indicates that the client u nderstands her 
nutritional needs?  
A. Vegetarian spaghetti, garlic bread, Caesar salad, apple pie, and iced tea.  
B. Lean hamburger patty, tomato and lettuce, sugar -free gelatin, cantaloupe, and diet soda.  
C. Fried chicken breast, sweet potato, spinach, roll and but ter, and protein milk shake. <  
D. Grilled chicken breast with no skin, broccoli, fresh fruit, and skin milk.  
 
122. The nurse is caring for a dyspneic client whose oxygen saturation rate is currently 90%. What position 
is best for this client?  
A. Sims’ with a pillow u nder the upper leg.  
B. Any position that is comfortable.  
C. Supine with the legs slightly elevated.  
D. Fowler’s with both legs supported. <  
 
123. When obtaining a health history, a male client tells the nurse that he has become impotent. What part 
of his health informat ion is likely to be most signific ant to the sexual dysfunction he is experiencing? 
The client  
A. drinks two to three beers on weekend.  
B. Was diagnosed with diabetes mellitus 10 years ago. <  
C. Had a vasectomy five years ago.  
D. Smokes one pack of cigarettes a day.  
124. The mother of a hospitalized 2 -year -old boy asks the nurse if her child is ready to be toilet trained. 
Which response is best for the nurse to provide?  
A. “Yes, most children are ready when they are 15 -months old.”  
B. “We have potty chairs here. Would you like to start working with him on it now? ” 
C. “He will train quicker and more easily if you wait until he is in a familiar environment.”  
D. “Does he let you know just before or after he soils his diaper?” <  
 
125. A nurse agrees to work a double shift because of a staffing sh ortage, but requests that another  nurse 
be assigned to care for a demanding client. What response is best for the charge nurse to make?  
A. “I’m sorry, but you know I cannot allow you to choose your assignments.”  
B. “I’ll assign the client to another nurse, but y our help may be needed.” <  
C. “I wou ld appreciate you reconsidering since you are always so good with difficult clients.”  
D. “You’ll probably need to keep the same assignment so that continuity of care can be provided.”  
 
126. The nurse is evaluating teaching about sh ort-acting insulin coverage to a client newly diagnosed with 
Type 1 diabetes. Which statement by the client indicates an understanding of short acting insulin 
coverage?  
A. “After taking my regular insulin, I need to eat a meal soon to prevent a hypoglycemic e pisode.” <  
B. “I can eat whatever I want, just as long s I check my blood sugar and cover it appropriately.”  
C. “When meeting a friend for lunch, it is OK to take my coverage at home before driving to the 
restaurant.”  
D. “I need to check my sugar also at bedtime, a nd then give my coverage before g oing to sleep.”  
 
127. A client is admitted to an inpatient psychiatric unit, and the antipsychotic medication clozapine 
(Clozaril) is prescribed. Which intervention should the nurse include in the client’s plan of care?  
A. Report f indings from the client’s weekly white blood cell (WBC) counts to the healthcare provider. 
< 
B. Inform UAPs that the client will likely complain of a sore throat and fever.  
C. Offer this medication the client with food to decrease the possibility of gastric upse t. 
D. Place the client in reverse is olation for the first two weeks of treatment with this medication.  
 
128. The nurse is assessing a client who is eight hours post parathyroidectomy. Assessment findings include 
a negative Trousseau’s sign. What action should the nurse implement?  
A. Document the fin dings. <  
B. Notify the healthcare provider.  
C. Obtain a serum calcium level.  
D. Administer IV calcium chloride.  
 
129. The nurse is preparing a Native -American client for surgery in one hour. The client states, “I want to 
have my medicine  man called before surgery.” How should the nurse respond?  
A. “Tell me how you believe that your medicine man will be able to help you.”  
B. “I will be happy to assist you in contacting your medicine man right away.” <  
C. “The hospital chaplain is available and can meet with you before surgery.”  
D. “Your medicine man is too far away to visit before your scheduled surgery.”  
 
130. The nurse is calculating the one -minute Apgar score for a newborn male infant, and determines that 
his heart rate is 150 beats/minute, he has a vigo rous cry, his muscle tone is good  with total flexion, he 
has quick reflex irritability, and his color is dusky and cyanotic. What Apgar score should the nurse 
assign to the infant? (Enter the numeric value only.) 8  
 
131. The nurse is administering an IV medicat ion through a central venous cath eter with a heparin loc. 
Which sequence of medication administration should the nurse follow?  
A. Saline, heparin, medication, heparin.  
B. Saline, medication, saline, heparin. <  
C. Medication, heparin, saline, heparin.  
D. Heparin, medic ation, heparin, saline.  
 
132. After re ceiving the change of shift report on the psychiatric unit of a general hospital, which client 
should the nurse assess first?  
A. A male client with paranoid schizophrenia who thinks his food is poisoned.  
B. A 20 -year -old client w ho is trying to telephone the Pre sident of the United States.  
C. A female client who is pacing the hallway and trying to sell her clothes.  
D. A client with depression who states she is leaving because she feels better. <  
 
133. The nurse is caring for a client who is being treated for fever. What nur sing intervention is most 
important to prevent chills?  
A. Assess client’s temperature q4h.  
B. Offer a cup of hot tea q8h.  
C. Give prescribed antipyretics around the clock. <  
D. Provide a sponge bath q8h.  
 
134. To assess a client with mening itis for meningeal irritation, ho w should the nurse position the client’s 
head?  
A. The neck and head are twisted toward the shoulder.  
B. The head and neck are flexed toward the chest. <  
C. The ear is flexed downward toward the shoulder.  
D. The head and neck are extend ed toward the back.  
 
135. A client dia gnosed with severe acute diverticulitis is being admitted to the medical unit. Which 
prescription should the nurse question?  
A. Bisacodyl (Dulcolax) rectally PRN for constipation. <  
B. Meperidine (Demerol) ICP PRN for pain.  
C. Cefox itin (Mefoxin) IVPB q8h.  
D. 5% dextr ose with 0.45 NS at 125 ml an hour.  
 
136. The nurse notes that a depressed adolescent client’s fluoxetine (Prozac) cannot be given because the 
mother refuses to sign the consent for medication. What should the nurse do?  
A. Give the  medication if the client is will ing to take it.  
B. Obtain two witnesses and ask the client to sign the consent.  
C. Determine if there is an emergency contact person to notify.  
D. Wait for the mother to sign the medication consent. <  
 
137. A child is injured at a sporti ng event and a nurse attending th e event evaluates the child. What is the 
most accurate method to determine if a fracture has occurred?  
A. Palpate the injured part.  
B. Send the child for a radiological exam. <  
C. Observe for decreased range of motion.  
D. Assess the le vel of swelling and pain on movem ent. 
 
138. The nurse working in a health clinic is assessing clients’ needs for a hepatitis A vaccine. Which client 
has the greatest risk for contracting Hepatitis A?  
A. Female client who regularly consumes raw oysters. <  
B. An adoles cent client who reports illicit I V drug use.  
C. An elderly client with a large daily alcohol consumption.  
D. Male client who has received multiple blood transfusions.  
 
139. A client with depression remains in bed for most of the day, declines activities, and refuses meals. 
Which nursing diagnosis ha s the greatest priority for this client?  
A. Social isolation.  
B. Feeding self -care deficit. <  
C. Situational low self -esteem.  
D. Deficit diversional activity.  
 
140. Which intervention would the nurse expect to implement to decrease discomfo rt and muscle spasms 
for an elder ly client with a fractured left hip?  
A. Prepare the client for application of Buck’s traction. <  
B. Remove the foam boot to perform range of motion exercises.  
C. Prepare the client for application of Dunlop’s traction.  
D. Inspect the p in site at least q8h for signs of  infection.  
 
141. In performing the admission assessment for a client experiencing complications of long -term 
Parkinson’s disease, which question by the nurse provides the best information about disease 
progression?  
A. “Have you ex perienced any stiffness in your n eck or shoulder?”  
B. “Do you notice any jerky type movements of your arms?”  
C. “Have you ever been frozen to a spot and unable to move?” <  
D. “Do you have any problems with your hands shaking?”  
 
142. An 18 -year -old female client with pri mary dysmenorrhea does not want t o take any medication to 
relieve the symptoms, and asks the nurse which herbal supplement is likely to help alleviate the pain 
she is experiencing. What herbal supplement is likely to be most helpful for this young woman?  
A. Chamomile. <  
B. Ginseng.  
C. Yarrow.  
D. Ging er. 
 
143. Which assessment intervention should the psychiatric nurse implement when performing a mental 
status exam?  
A. Request the client hold out his/her tongue for one minute.  
B. Have the client close his/her eyes and count slowly to 100.  
C. Allow the client to discu ss what brought him/her to the hospital.  
D. Ask the client to interpret the proverb, “A stitch in time saves nine.” <  
 
144. The nurse is conducting a routine assessment of a 24 -hour -old, African -American infant who was 
delivered va ginally. At birth the infant’s we ight was 5 pounds 5 ounces, heart rate was 150 
beats/minute, respiratory rate was 88 breaths/minute, and the axillary temperature was 97.7 F. Which 
finding requires further assessment?  
A. Respiratory rate of 59 breaths/minute.  
B. Edema present along the sagittal  suture.  
C. Weight loss of 10 ounces since birth. <  
D. 2 cm bluish purple area on the scrotum.  
 
145. Following the vaginal delivery of a 10 -pound infant, the nurse assesses a new mother’s vaginal 
bleeding and finds that she has satura ted two pads in 30 minutes and ha s a boggy uterus. What action 
should the nurse take first?  
A. Perform fundal massage until firm. <  
B. Have the client empty her bladder.  
C. Determine the client’s blood pressure.  
D. Increase oxytocin (Pitocin) IV rate.  
 
146. A client with a ngina experiences chest pain afte r completing morning care. What action should the 
nurse take first?  
A. Administer a nitroglycerin tablet. <  
B. Place a pulse oximetry probe to index finger.  
C. Give an 81 mg Aspirin tablet.  
D. Monitor for premature ventricular contract ions.  
 
147. A gravida 3, para 2 at 31 -weeks gestation is admitted to the hospital with suspected HELLP syndrome. 
She complains of nausea, vomiting, malaise, and epigastric pain. Her blood pressure is 116/74. What 
assessment is most important for the nurse to ob tain?  
A. Confirm gestational age wit h ultrasound.  
B. Observe for signs of dehydration.  
C. Evaluate the client for thrombocytopenia. <  
D. Determine urine protein level.  
 
148. A 60 -year -old male client is admitted to the hospital complaining of right knee pain for the past w eek. 
His right knee and calf are warm and edematous. He has a history of diabetes and arthritis. During the 
admission assessment, which information is most important for the nurse to obtain?  
A. Medication history for the past two weeks.  
B. Cardiac assessment of heart sounds.  
C. A 24 -hour recall of  dietary intake.  
D. Neurovascular status of lower extremities. <  
 
149. The nurse observes a client standing with the use of crutches and notes that the client’s arms are fully 
extended and the tops of the crutches are securely pres sed in the client’s axillae. Whic h intervention 
should the nurse initiate first?  
A. Demonstrate the prescribed gait to the client.  
B. Reduce the length of the client’s crutches. <  
C. Make sure that the rubber tips are in place on the crutches.  
D. Instruct the client i n the use of the tripod position.  
 
150. The parents of a child with cystic fibrosis (CF) ask the nurse about their chances of having another 
child with CF. Which response is best for the nurse to provide?  
A. Male children have a greater chance of inheriting the au tosomal recessive gene.  
B. Since thi s child is affected future children will be carriers and will not be affected.  
C. 1 in 20 persons in the United States carry the recessive gene for cystic fibrosis.  
D. There is a 1 in 4 chance that any child of heterozygous paren ts will be affected. <  
 
151. A 12 -year -old male is diagnosed with idiopathic hypopituitarism based on plasma growth hormone 
studies. Subcutaneous injections of the human growth hormone somatotropin (HGH) are prescribed 
three times a week. To promote the most na tural physiological release of gr owth hormone, when 
should the nurse teach the child to administer the injections?  
A. In the late afternoon.  
B. Before going to school in the morning.  
C. Before going to sleep at night. <  
D. Before breakfast.  
 
152. When planning care for a g roup of clients on a medical unit , which task can the nurse delegate to the 
unlicensed assistive personnel (UAP)?  
A. Complete a Braden Scale to predict pressure ulcer risk.  
B. Prepare a schedule for positioning a bedfast client.  
C. Use a mechanical lift to transfer  a client to the chair. <  
D. Determi ne if a client has learned how to use a walker.  
 
153. To administer a saline enema to a client, the nurse inserts the enema tubing 3 inches into the client’s 
rectum, and elevates the saline container 6 inches above the client’s body. After the nurse opens the 
clamp, the saline solution does not infuse. What is the best action for the nurse to take?  
A. Instruct the client to take several slow, deep breaths.  
B. Raise the saline container 6 more inches above the body. <  
C. Insert the tubing an additional 3 inches into the r ectum.  
D. Remove the tubing and check the client for fecal impaction.  
 
154. A client who is receiving chemotherapy for lung cancer with brain metastasis is scheduled for cranial 
radiation therapy (RT) today. The nurse should provid e which information about the pro cedure to the 
client?  
A. Radiation precautions are implemented to limit exposure for everyone who enters the client’s 
room.  
B. A high dose beam of radiation may cause a brief tingling sensation but will not cause pain.  
C. Skin marki ngs and head positioning devices are used to ensure that only the tumor site is radiated. 
< 
D. A radioisotope is implanted into the tumor that limits chemotherapy side effects for up to 30 days.  
 
155. While inserting an indwelling catheter for a female client, the  nurse observes that the catheter  is in 
the vagina. In what order should the nurse perform these actions? (Arrange from first on top to last on 
the bottom.)  
5 - Inflate the indwelling catheter’s balloon with sterile water.  
1 - Leave the catheter in the vag ina. 
2 - Obtain a new catheteriza tion kit.  
4 - Insert the catheter and observe for a urinary return.  
3 - Use forceps and cotton balls to cleanse the urethral meatus.  
6 - Remove the wrongly placed catheter.  
 
156. When assessing both lower extremities (BLE) of a client who has chronic venous ins ufficiency, the 
nurse identities bilateral stasis dermatitis and an ulcer on the medial surface of the left ankle. To 
promote effective self -care, which client teaching should the nurse provide?  
A. Soak feet to soften nails be fore trimming.  
B. Keep legs dependen t to promote blood flow.  
C. Medicate inflamed skin areas with an antibiotic ointment.  
D. Apply compression stockings before ambulation. <  
 
157. A client at 40 -weeks gestation is admitted in active labor, and laboratory findings indica te that she is 
HIV positive. What  actions should the nurse plan to perform? (Select all that apply.)  
A. Administer zidovudine (AZT) intravenously. <  
B. Establish enteric isolation.  
C. Place her in a negative pressure room.  
D. Notify the pediatrician that the mother is  HIV positive. <  
E. Promote bonding by encouraging breastfeeding.  
F. Use universal precautions. <  
 
158. A toddler with hemophilia is being discharged from the hospital. Which teaching should the nurse 
include in the discharge instructions to this child’s mother?  
A. Place padding on the corners of all f urniture. <  
B. Give the child only one baby aspirin for pain relief.  
C. Ensure that dental hygiene is done frequently.  
D. Do not allow the child run inside the house.  
 
159. The nurse is preparing a male client for a bilateral adrenalecto my. Which explanation should the nurse 
include in this client’s preoperative teaching?  
A. It will be necessary to take desmopressin acetate (DDAVP) for the rest of his life.  
B. Replacement therapy with corticosteroids will be needed for the rest of his life. <  
C. It will be necessary to take the p rednisone for at least 6 weeks after surgery.  
D. The surgery should relieve symptoms, so that no medication will be needed after the adrenal 
glands are removed.  
 
160. When a nurse with a history of drug impairment returns from a dr ug rehabilitation program, what i s 
the best initial action by the charge nurse?  
A. Request that the nurse be transferred to another nursing unit.  
B. Assign another staff person to observe the nurse administering medications.  
C. Establish a contract with the nurse a bout role limitations. <  
D. Assign t he nurse to clerical responsibilities only.  
 
 
